Big Brother

Contents 

Teenager Wei Qian, thirteen or fourteen years old without a father and mother, with a small sister who dragged the oil bottle, a difficult life, but also picked up the deadbeat pestered him with a stray child a, named a name of small far.
Wei Qian dreamed of making a name for himself, a money string who wanted money, he spent the first half of his life swimming against the current in copper and iron, with success and fame as his first priority. 
It was not easy to get a little bit of head, thought he saw the dawn of destiny, who knew that Xiaoyuan suddenly committed neurosis - specializing in liking men, but also specializing in staring at him, in his fucked-up life added "being - treacherous" and "being - below the law" such a glorious stroke. "by the following offenses" such a glorious stroke.

CP: The classic poisonous queen and butthurt loyal dog combo 

Minesweeper: pseudo-brothers, under the year, the queen is very middle-aged in the early part of the book, slightly sleazy in the later part, the loyal dog always turns into a rabid dog for a few days a month, and there's a goldfinger 

Tags: under the year Strong strong Sanjiao nine streams urban romance 

Search Keywords: Main Character: Wei Qian, Wei Zhiyuan  
Supporting Character: Song Xiaobao  
Others: Rhapsodic Wind of Urban and Rural Combined Areas



1. Chapter I 

  Crying with laughter, living with the accompaniment of death - Yu Hua, "Alive".
  
  He dreamed that he was very young, five or six years old, sitting on the end of a bed with a hot radiator on one side and a woman leaning on the other.
  The woman's belly, he did not dare to lean solidly, only to put his crooked head vainly on her arm, creating a kind of intimate dependence on the illusion to.
  
  That woman is really pretty, not bad compared to those big stars on TV, goose egg face, white, eyebrows flush.
  She had a tattered old book in her hand and was carefully reading the story from it.
  
  The woman seemed to be poorly educated, her reading ability was very limited, and she stumbled through fairy tales with simple words, often with confusing breaks in the sentences, but she seemed to be rather self-satisfied, holding the book in one hand and resting it on her stomach, her tones sweet and crisp, her expression calm and beautiful.
  
  "...... The children went together to the other side of the mountain and found a brook, which ran merrily from east to west, clattering and saying 'O foolish children, here are fragrant pastries, golden roasted chickens, and countless sweets, hanging colorfully from the trees, like stars in the sky, which cannot be plucked enough, and here are man-eating demons waiting to raise you as round little lambs and swallow you in one mouthful'."
  "At first the boys were too stunned to cross over a step, and they lived on this side of the creek, subsisting on wild mushrooms and wild strawberries, which were nourishless and tasteless, and wild strawberries were sour and green. At last one day the oldest boy said to himself, 'I can't stand it any longer; how wonderful it would be if I could eat the pastries and roast chicken on the other side of the river, and countless sweets.'"
  
  "He was the first to jump over the brook, and had his fill of the beautiful forest, and at night jumped back to this side of the stream, and said to everybody that there were no man-eating demons in the forest. So the next day the oldest girl also said to herself, 'How wonderful it would be if I could eat the pastries and roasted chickens on the other side of the river, and countless sweets.' That day she followed the first boy and jumped over the stream to the beautiful forest and ate her fill, and in the evening the two returned in company, claiming that they still had not come across any man-eating demons."
  
  "One by one the boys and girls jumped over the stream to enjoy the beautiful food on the other side, and a day went by without the man-eating demon coming out, and a month went by, and still the man-eating demon did not come out. They laughed loudly at the rushing stream and then lived together on that side of the stream, free to travel through the beautiful forest every day, consuming fine food and countless sweets. Only one of the youngest boys stayed where he was, insisting that he wouldn't come a step closer, no matter how much his growing-fat companions yelled from the other side."
  "The children who had survived the stream shouted to their little friend every day: 'Hey, come here, the stream is lying, there are no man-eating monsters here, and life here is like living in paradise!' But the youngest boy was unmoved, and he continued to pick mushrooms and wild strawberries for a living. He remembered what his grandmother had told him when he left home, that there is no free lunch in the world, and that comfort without reason is the worst trap in the jungle."
  
  "Suddenly one night the youngest boy heard a sharp roaring sound; he was awakened with fright, and opening his eyes, he found that the stream had risen so violently that it had split the earth in two and turned it into an ocean."
  "The woofers were singing: 'Little sheep, little sheep, round and round, Oooh a mouthful to eat, and don't run away, not one of them!' The smallest boy rubbed his eyes and realized that his companions were being chased by a monster the size of a mountain, but they were too fat to run fast, and before they reached the water's edge, they were caught up and eaten one by one. They all fell into the most dangerous trap, and only the youngest boy escaped and passed the story down."
  
  The yellowed pages turned over, the story without a beginning and end finished, the woman seemed to have completed a big project, breathed out, carelessly said to Wei Qian who leaned on her, "So, people can not live too comfortable, when you are full of fat, every day you eat and mix with the sky, it is not far from the hiccups and cold... ..."
  
  Her nice and vulgar voice was interrupted by the sharp ringing of a bell, and Wei Qian, as if startled, jerked his eyes open and bounced off the bed.
  
  It was 5:30 in the morning, and it wasn't quite light yet.
  
  Wei Qian was still immersed in the party's dream, which was both a beautiful dream and a nightmare.
  With the low pressure of sleep deprivation in his head, he climbed up like a dead dog, picked up his slippers, slapped a cockroach that had been crawling majestically on the head of his bed, and then hopped on one leg under the water pipe, rinsed the soles of his shoes, and stepped on his footsteps to wash his hands and cook the rice in a small, deformed pot. and then hopped under the hose on one leg, rinsed off the soles of his shoes, and with a "pitter-patter" and a "pitter-patter", washed his hands, washed the rice, and cooked the porridge in the deformed pot.
  Then he poked his head out the window and saw that downstairs the breakfast stand at Asako's had been set up and was warming up the frying pan.
  Wei Qian blew a long whistle downstairs, not minding at all about waking up the neighbors, and yelled downstairs, "Pocky, give brother three doughnuts!"
  
  Just as he finished screaming, the upstairs window opened and a fat man with a toothbrush said vaguely, "I want six, pick me a big, thick one!"
  
  Shouting is the upstairs three fat, this thing has been fat into a ball, still unrelenting in the "rice bucket" as a trait of pride, the height of its thinking is simply extraordinary.
  
  Wei Qian felt that Three Roots was rather unheroic compared to Six Roots, so he tilted his head and rushed at Three Fatty and said, "Pig, out of the pen out of the pen is really positive, there is ideological awareness!"
  Three fat is full of foaming mouth, can not take care of him, only in the busy time to stretch out a pig paw, dialing the time to punch Wei Qian than a middle finger.
  
  Pocky's dad died a long time ago, he was an orphan following his widowed mother, who sells breakfast for a living, Pocky has to get up every morning to help his mom fry doughnuts, and hears his friends dogfighting early in the morning, but also very accustomed to it.
  He wiped his hand on his apron without uttering a word, and smilingly waved his hand at the two gentlemen upstairs to show that he had heard them-oh, hemp was a stammerer, and generally he did not talk highly in public.
  
  With breakfast in hand, Wei Qian turned to the restroom to brush his teeth and wash his face like a battle and began his busy and miserable day.
  
  He let the cooked porridge cool while picking himself up, jogged downstairs with the change to get the doughnuts, then came back to wake up his sister, Xiaobao, stared at her after breakfast, ran upstairs with her in his arms and left her in the care of SanFat's mom, and on his way out, he smacked away Xiaobao's hand that was going to her mouth again.
  And then Wei Qian pedaled his worn-out bicycle to the school.
  
  It was the day Wei Qian took the middle school exam.
  
  Wei Qian never knew who his dad was, nor did he know how many noses and eyes he had, and the only concept he had of him was that he was a scumbag son of a bitch - this came from Wei Qian's mom repeating in his ear for ten years and a day.
  Legend has it that the old shameless one is still squatting in the number, with an honorable title of "forcible/adulterer", I don't know how long it will take for him to come out - of course, Weiqian doesn't expect him to come out, a fart will not be a burden to the society. An old laborer who doesn't know shit is also a burden to society.
  Wei Qian thought that it would be best if that old bastard could be beaten to death in prison by other inmates before his sentence was completed.
  
  One of the victims created by the old labor reformer is Wei Qian s mom ...... Oh yes, there is also Wei Qian, the indirect victim.
  When his mother was young, her brain was a piece of paste, when she did not learn, every day with a gang of hooligans to mix, drunk in the middle of the night to wander outside, unfortunately was the old labor convicts stared at, became a confused victim, and then even more confused pregnancy and gave birth to Wei Qian.
  
  Therefore rationally speaking, Wei Qian understands why his mother did not treat him since childhood, and he feels that when he was born, she did not directly strangle herself to death, it is already the effect of hormones ...... hormones is the miracle of human life.
  Not to mention the fact that she barely managed to bring him up.
  
  But despite this, Wei Qian still hates her from the bottom of his heart.
  Hated it every day, clocked in at regular intervals, hated it enough to eat her flesh and drink her blood.
  However ...... he will again heartily expect her to give herself a little warmth, and occasionally she really gives it, Wei Qian will feel great happiness, so he also hates himself, and he thinks that he is genetically bad and born with such a cheap bone.
  
  Women are always out at night and day, and the work she does for a living is ancient and traditional, with thousands of years of shameful history in our country. This is a job that has brought Wei Qian a lot of "honor" - a fucking "chicken", to use this bitch's shameless words, the advantage of this job is that she whored out men for nothing, but also the men paid her money. The men pay her money.
  
  Wei Qian, the rapist/adulterer's dad, ended her entire teenage years, making her black from the inside out and more and more unashamed.
  As an "egg", Weiqian's childhood was a long ordeal.
  
  His mother would go out every night cursing, and would not return until the next morning, and would use her long nails to pinch him alive out of the quilt, and if she was in a good mood, she would scold him together with his father and mother and three uncles and masters all over again, and if she was in a bad mood, she would also smack him in the hand twice, and then all in a drunken mood, she would instruct the little Weiqian, who was not yet as high as the pots and pans, to go and get a mouthful of food for her.
  
  There were so many times that Wei Qian bought all the rat poison and was ready to put it down in the rice and die with her, but in the end it didn't work out, because when that woman occasionally tried to be a mom, she would use her soft arms to hold him and watch TV for a while, and when she was happy, she would even whisper warmly in his ear and say a few words to him.
  
  She also buys two sets of pancake fruits for Weiqian on her way home in the morning if the nightly income is not good enough.
  
  This kind of situation, although precious and unattainable, can always make the young Wei Qian flattered, every time this time, he will not want to kill this woman, because he will also remember that this woman is his own mother.
  
  His own mother was more beautiful than any woman he'd ever seen in his life, yet it didn't bring him the slightest bit of honor.
  But after all, there was only one person in the whole world who was his real mom, and if he killed her, she was gone, and he couldn't let go.
  
  And so the two of them survived, hating and relying on each other.
  
  When Wei Qian was five years old, his mother married again, stepfather is an honest man, not much money, not much ability, on this cheap son is not very warm, but also never abused.
  Later, probably because he was too much of an eyesore in the house, when Wei Qian had just turned six, his stepfather took the initiative to send him to a small school and drove him to report to the school on a big two-by-eight bicycle.
  
  Wei Qian called him uncle.
  
  After the uncle came, his mother overnight "put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha", no longer go out to fool around, almost instantly cleaned up the lead, high pulling the long hair, did not dip a drop of alcohol, the temper is also much better.
  She shook herself into a normal woman and a normal mother.
  
  That winter, she even hands to Wei Qian knitted a sweater, that sweater he only wore a winter, due to the size of the growth too fast, the next year will not wear, but has been Wei Qian precious and heavy in the cabinet, because that is almost the only gift he received in his childhood.
  
  It is said that six or seven year old children roll around, the dog is too, but Wei Qian six or seven years old when well-behaved like a dog, he did not say a word of nonsense, a request is not to mention, if the adults do not take the initiative to give, he will never ask the adults to ask for money, sometimes a little thing in the school to let the money, Wei Qian is the first borrowed, and then run to the pool hall game room to give a miscellaneous help to earn a few bucks to pay back on the.
  He befriended a lot of punks much older than him in the process, and the owner looked at him as small and fun to run around picking up balls and serving dishes, plus having an eye for a good time and being very good at reading people's faces, so he kept him around as an oddball mascot to tease idly.
  
  Wei Qian was happy about this and did not feel any pain, because he learned in school that he was also one of the flower bones of the motherland, and this kind of life, he lived contentedly.
  So he was always afraid that his uncle would be upset, that he would divorce his mom and let him live like that again.
  
  Wei Qian was seven and a half years old, not eight years old when his mother gave birth to another girl.
  The girl looks like his uncle is carved out of the same mold - oh, that is to say, very ugly meaning, but the whole family is too precious.
  
  She was born in the spring, the parents think what "spring" ah "willow" ah and so on the name is too earthy, not worthy of their baby girl, difficult for his mother and his uncle, the two of them have been educated together is not nine years, get together a full more than a week, finally! The two of them, who have less than nine years of education combined, put their heads together for more than a week and finally came up with a name for the girl that they thought was poetic, "Song Li Li".
  His uncle's last name is Song, the "Li Li" in "Grass on the Ground", and his nickname is Xiaobao.
  
  However, Wei Qian hardly ever called his sister by her unlucky name, and until she became an adult, she was always called "Xiaobao".
  
  Instead of "Gathering", it has to be "Leaving". I've never heard of a family naming their child this, it's so auspicious.
  
  His own mom and stepdad, both illiterate, were too busy "wetting" the kid.
------------

Reading in sections 2

The name is purely for fun.
  
  The unlucky name would stay with the little girl for the rest of her life, and seemed to foretell that life and death would run through her thin life from one to the other.
  


2. Chapter II 

  Bo was eleven months old, a little ball of meat in open pants, just able to take two steps off the ground with her hands tied, when her dad was gone.
  
  The way he died was pretty vicious, a car accident - he was walking home from his night shift in the dark, and on the way he figured he'd take a shortcut while no one was around, so he pedaled his two-wheeled bike onto the motorway, and just as he got up there, he was hit by a truck, and thrown straight out for several meters.
  Even the man and the car, together flattened, and never drummed back.
  
  Wei Qian and his family also once again came to the situation of orphans and widows.
  It's not really a big deal, with so many orphaned and widowed families all over the world - like the family of Asako, who sells doughnuts every morning.
  Everyone else wiped away their tears, straightened their backs, and lived as if they were human beings.
  
  But Weiqian soon discovered to his horror that his beautiful and affectionate "mom" had turned into an evil bitch overnight.
  
  She was so sad that she seemed to have decided that her life was more bitter than bitter cauliflower, and she no longer wanted to live, so she intensified her efforts to make death, and she was gifted and experienced in this area, so she made a good handful of deaths.
  
  Wei Qian lives day to day in a cup and a half - he has to go to school himself, he has to get money somehow, he has to take care of his little sister who can't even speak, and he has to defend himself against the crazy woman who can explode at any moment.
  
  In the later days, Wei Qian didn't even dare to leave Song Xiaobao alone at home.
  Every day he goes to school, he sends Xiaobao upstairs to Sanfat's house or the hemp family who owns a small restaurant, entrusts Sanfat's mom or hemp's mom to take care of him for a day, and then picks up Xiaobao back after school at night.
  
  Wei Qian live in the heart and soul exhausted, the weight of life all of a sudden put him to lift his head, adults still can not carry, let alone a child.
  
  There was a period of time, Wei Qian secretly hid a knife, every night when he slept, he held a knife in one hand, one hand holding a small treasure, see the knife, he wanted to rush out to kill his mother, see the small treasure, he had to collect his mind, lie back in bed, gently patted her back, the humming to be awakened by the little one back to sleep.
  
  He also had a little sister, which was a living thing, a human being, just as miserable as he was, born in such a family, and he was the eldest brother, so he had to raise her at least.
  
  Hamlet wrestled with a long question, "To be or not to be," and Wei Qian spent his childhood wrestling with an even longer question, "To kill his mother, or not to kill him? ".
  
  He lives like a dog and is in the mood to dwell on such philosophical issues, he may be destined to be something in the future.
  
  During this time, both Three Fatty's mom and Pocky's mom helped him a lot.
  
  SanFat and Pocky were both his hairdressers, SanFat's family were mercenary and vulgar, Pocky and his mother and son were cowards who couldn't kick a fart out of three feet - there were no high society people living in the neighborhood with them - yet the mercenary and vulgar neighbors were old-fashioned and cowardly, silent little people who are also willing to do him favors if he asks.
  
  Three fat mother is not like hemp mother dare not speak out, she sometimes can not stand to see, righteous indignation simply hate to spit in the face of Wei Qian's mother, but in the end did not come to pass.
  
  This is nothing, Wei Qian knows that she does not dare, because although the three fat mom is poor and cross, but after all, it is a virtuous woman, virtuous women do not dare to easily mess with the bitch/bitch, just like decent people do not dare to easily mess with the ground hooligans.
  
  Then later, Wei Qian's mom finally died without living up to her reputation.
  Wei Qian calmly accepted this fact, he knew that she actually hadn't wanted to live for a long time.
  
  Wei Qian's mother was woken up from the happiest life in her own life with a blow, the bitterness in her heart is incomprehensible to others, how can she not think, how can she not adapt to, so it is right to fall back into the old ways, and then even more intensified - she went to drugs.
  She first accompanied her clients to smoke white flour, and afterward they fucked together in the clouds, and when they were happy they would stuff tips into her bra and panties, and she relied on these moments of light to escape the reality of her defenselessness.
  
  Then, her addiction escalated uncontrollably and she began shivering and injecting herself intramuscularly.
  
  That period of time, Wei Qian's home has had a lot of needles, usually afraid of Xiaobao see into the mouth, Wei Qian every day to clean the house three or four times, see the needles will be put away and destroyed.
  
  When his mom died, she had all her stuff burned in a fire by Weiqian - she ended up dying of AIDS, contracted by a needle.
  
  When you come out, you always pay back.
  These are the aphorisms that punks use to act tough, and they are also the last words that the woman left for Wei Qian's siblings.
  
  Wei Qian his mother dying, the image of living like a monster, the whole person is thin into a bone, hair is almost lost, the face is seriously deformed, a pair of eyes originally larger than others bulged out, the skin large large pieces of ulceration, can not see a little traces of the young and beautiful, is simply a dirty and smelly toad.
  
  Toad she was as good as a man's word, and she looked at her two children with almost warm eyes, and said frankly, "Alas, out of the blue, there is always payback, and I have long known that such a day would come."
  
  Wei Qian snorted, thinking that she was farting, if she had known that there would be such a day, she shouldn't have come out to fool around back then, shouldn't have taken drugs, and shouldn't have dressed up as a demon or devil to go to a nightclub to sit on a table just for the sake of a few bucks and a hunt.
  She should be like countless crane-like chicks, wearing a school uniform that probably doesn't fit as well as it should, getting a row of silly floppy hair in front of her forehead, sitting upright in class listening to the teacher talk about analytic geometry, and then getting into a college, working, getting married or left over ...... whatever it takes to live like a decent human being.
  
  Even if she's extraordinarily stupid and can't learn anything, at least she can still go and babysit for people, do odd jobs and sell breakfast ......
  
  That way she might live until she's ninety and get to see her grandchildren get married and have children.
  
  But she didn't, she chose to be a goody-two-shoes lunatic woman, growing that flowery look for nothing.
  
  Wei Qian realized that he finally get rid of this crazy woman, finally will never see her again, his heart can not restrain sadness, as if he saw a large amount of life and time in front of him running through the wind, and he did not even have time to smell a handful of exhaust, everything has gone up in smoke.
  
  But he didn't want to show any emotion, he thought that he deserved to hate this woman, and all feelings for her were weak and criminal, so Wei Qian forced himself to think this way - she deserved this.
  
  Wei Qian ordered himself to remember his five years of hell and asked her with his deepest indifference, "Bitch, why did you give birth to us?"
  
  The woman looked perplexed for half a second and replied, "Who knows?"
  Wei Qian is out of anger, if there is no her "who knows", maybe his generation has been reincarnated into a rich second generation or official second generation, now may also be able to look like a dog!
  
  So he gave her a little shove on the shoulder and cursed, "Fuck you."
  
  It was really just a gentle push - who knew the next moment she wouldn't be able to do it.
  She convulsed, her eyes opening as wide as ping-pong balls, and then collapsed backwards for a full five minutes, gasping into a dried-up bellows and suffering a raw bloodbath before she finally managed to buck up.
  
  That year Wei Qian was less than thirteen weeks old, still a green young man, just in the second year of junior high school, with a little sister dragging two lines of snot - Xiao Bao is five years old, do not know shit, will only be on the side of the dumbfounded big brother and mom.
  Wei Qian froze and let the woman's body exhibited in the house for two days, to the point that it was stinking, and he didn't think of what to do with it.
  
  The place where the dead slept was more expensive than the living, and selling their siblings couldn't afford a cemetery plot - not to mention that Wei Qian wasn't even going to pay for sending it to the crematorium - his mom was already dead, and the dead could make do anyhow, but he had to stay alive, and he had to pay his tuition fees, and he also had to feed his Sister.
  In the end, Wei Qian decided to find a good day, make do with a broken cooler to roll the body, thrown directly into the garbage, so that she degraded back to nature on their own to go.
  
  But did not wait to implement, Wei Qian fucking a few little sisters found their house, with the fact that even Qin Hui, there are three melon and two dates of friends.
  
  They spread money together to do her funeral, kind of send her away, a woman told Wei Qian, she was born not decent, should not die also so undignified.
  
  Managing the aftermath of the remaining a little money, they left Wei Qian and his sister Xiaobao, Wei Qian and rummage through the box to sell some jewelry left by the woman, these things turned out to be the life of the woman ...... No, more valuable than life.
  Her baby boy had been looking at them for a long time, and when she closed her eyes, she immediately shook them out and sold them.
  With this little bit of meager savings, Wei Qian lived the days of raising a small drag, hard for more than a year, he graduated from junior high school.
  
  The three days of the midterm ended, and on the last day, Wei Qian handed in his papers and rode his bike home.
  He studied like a man, worked odd jobs as a punk, and didn't let his grades get in the way, because school was his only link to the words "future" and "hope" and "decent life. Because school was the only connection he had to the words "future" and "hope" and "decent life", he desperately wanted to hold on to them.
  
  Along the way Wei Qian bought a few steamed buns, parked the car in a large area of silos built in a simple bicycle shed, carrying things toward home, he saw the little cub.
  
  With his thin hands and skinny, bony feet, the little cub just seemed to have a big head, a little taller than Bao, but not by much, maybe about her size.
  He was wearing an adult's "two-pole beam" undershirt, bare underneath, no shoes, soup and water on the undershirt, all kinds of things, it looks like a beautiful piece of the motherland and the mountains are beautifully red, and he was pulling out garbage next to the garbage heap of a small hutong to eat.
  
  Such a little thing, I don't know how he survived, even the wild dogs bullied him, when Wei Qian passed by, the little cub was confronting a dog in a small alley - for half a can of canned beef that someone had thrown away.
  
  The wild dog is skinny but not small, with red eyes, I don't know if it has rabies, but it's probably a hero among dogs if it can survive when the city's dog-fighting campaign is in full swing.
  
  Originally Wei Qian is not going to pay attention to, like this kind of cub, a month always can see a, accidentally was born, accidentally live, not yet have both parents life, after a while almost also died, but just when Wei Qian glanced to that side, is that the human dog love is not yet the cub actually happened to also look up at him.
  
  Just such a moment of opportunity, the wild dog seized, see its opponent a distraction, immediately pounced over, the little cub is probably surrounded by people for a long time, the reaction is very agile, to the side of a pounce, and dodged over, so that the wild dog is good to die to pounce on the soles of the feet of the Weiqian teenager.
  The beast, red-eyed and with a whirring motion in its nostrils, as if it were red-eyed with impatience and hostile, barked at an innocent mass of people who were beating the bushes, and bared a mouthful of large yellow teeth.
  
  Wei Qian is calculating the problem of how to solve the tuition fee in case he gets into high school, he didn't intend to pay attention to it and lifted his leg to go, but I don't know what this beast was thinking, but he actually lowered his head and rushed at his ankle to take a bite.
  Wei Qian was busy shrinking his leg and missed the bite.
  
  Wei Qian was thirteen or fourteen years old, with a dead father and dead mother and a sister who could only sniffle, and in a miserable situation where even though he played top-notch on his exams, he didn't always get in. It is not normal for a child to grow up like this to be cynical - because that would mean that he would be too good at acting and would probably turn into a highly intelligent sociopath in the future.
  
  So is full of annoyance in the middle two teenagers on the spot anxious, raised his leg to give the wild dog a foot, he grew up and gangsters, accustomed to hands-on fights, the weight of this foot is not light, directly kicked the big dog to the wall, the wild dog is still unforgiving, and a bite in the Weiqian's shoes - fortunately, this pair of shoes is to pick up the plastic shoes, although hard and not breathable, but good sturdy, did not bite through.
  
  Wei Qian flung a bit, see can not shake off this dead dog, so with his feet vigorously stepped on the stomach of the wild dog, and from the side to pick up a brick, under the hard hand smashed in this dog in the head of the Magnificent, smashed a bit, the Magnificent will be loose, smashed twice, the Magnificent will be a head of the head of the blood, completely become a ghost male.
  
  People, and dogs, are really all the same at this time of year and in places like this - as if some people have suits and nice houses and cars, and some dogs are regularly groomed and oiled. And there are other people and dogs who are doomed to tear and fight and bleed and sweat for some ridiculous and pathetic reason on a trail like this that is full of trash.
  
  The same man has a different life, and the same dog has a different life.
  


3. Chapter III 

  Weiqian afraid of "dog ghost Xiong" death impervious to suffering, so considerate and brick hard to make up for a few times, until the dog's head smashed a broken, which is gasping for breath and threw down the bricks, wiped his hand on the wall of the dog's blood.
  He then had a chance to look up and survey the little cub that had caused him to go sideways, but the little white-eyed wolf had actually snatched the bucket of canned food while he was beating the dog, cradled it in his arms, and gobbled it up.
  
  Probably Wei Qian's eyes were too murderous, the little cub visibly shivered and looked at Wei Qian with a pair of big, ebony eyes, a row of canned soup accidentally flowed down from the corner of his mouth, and he immediately reached out to catch it in fear and licked his hand clean.
  The nameless fire in Wei Qian's heart grew even more, and he couldn't wait to stomp this little brat's head off and let him lick his shoes for a while.
  
  The little fellow, seeing his ghastly gaze, thought he was going to snatch his cans, and, instantly on his guard, clutched them tightly, and stood up with his back to the corner, assuming a gallant attitude of defending his territory to the death.
  
  Wei Qian was immediately deflated again, thinking to himself what is the point of fighting with such a gadget?
  He then spat on the ground in a bored manner and turned to walk away.
  
  Waiting for the results of the past few days, Wei Qian did not waste the precious vacation, he went to practice stalls during the day with hemp three fat, selling yellow video tapes, and at night in the billiard hall to find a job, earning ten dollars a day to watch the venue fee.
  
  He realized that the little cub he had bumped into that day seemed to have made a home in the garbage-filled hutongs, and every time Wei Qian went out, he could see him searching through the garbage for his supper.
  When Wei Qian passed by, if he was in a good mood, he occasionally
------------

Reading in sections 3

Er will throw the brat a bun.
  
  Wei Qian has always been hateful to his biological parents, children first learn how to contact the rest of the world from spending time with their parents, so it's hard for him not to hate society, his love is more limited than the rain in the northern spring, and the reason why he occasionally looks at the little guy differently is that he has observed the child.
  
  He found that the little boy arms and legs are complete, the body does not have any disability, intelligence is not only not a problem, may also be higher than ordinary children, looks can not be seen, but a pair of eyes black and bright, should not be bad, if he really is the parents are dead no one to take care of, it should be sent to the social welfare institutions, such an age and conditions, absolutely will be snatched for adoption.
  The little boy was wandering outside, Wei Qian guessed that either he had a guardian but the guardian mistreated him and he ran out on his own, or he was abducted from a young age and escaped with great difficulty.
  
  Either way is to escape, are others are not good to him, really can not live to escape, that kind of feeling Wei Qian understand, he will even be a little sympathetic.
  
  Of course, even if he was in the same boat, Wei Qian would only feel sorry for the little thing once in a while when he was in a good mood, and for the most part, he did a good job of keeping his cold and acerbic heart intact.
  And it's the few sporadic acts of kindness like this that he's even attracted trouble.
  
  That day, Wei Qian's midterm results came down, he did well, than the city's best high school's admission line is still twenty points higher than the district's top ten, put on other people, I'm afraid that the parents want to invite guests, Wei Qian did not have guests to invite, so the dinner did not buy steamed bread, bought a bag of meat buns, but also counted as a celebration.
  
  Wei Qian thought he should be happy, but he did not, his heart is like to block two big stones, one stone is the high cost of high school expenses, a stone is his good and excellent but also no one to talk about the bitterness.
  
  He tried so hard to ignore that that his whole being was in a very weird state - his brain was hot and his heart was cold.
  
  As he passed by, he threw a meat bun in his hand to the little boy next to that garbage pile, amusing himself with the thought: this is a meat bun that never returns.
  
  Who knows that the little thing unexpectedly did not let his buns a go, he three or two mouthfuls of the buns into his stomach loaded, and then even the person and then the buns, together with the unrelenting chase up.
  Like a little stray cat, he recognizes whoever feeds him a mouthful of sausage.
  
  Wei Qian turned back to look surprised, and said big deal, this also has to buy one get one free!
  
  He was already blocked in his heart, and was followed impatiently, several times turned back and viciously scolded, but also pushed the little boy, the little guy pushed a butt squat, and even made a gesture to hit, but the other side is actually still persevering to follow, and has been followed to their home.
  
  Wei Qian's house originally belonged to his maternal grandfather, that is, his deadbeat old lady's father, maternal grandfather was his mother alive and angry, so the house went back to Wei Qian's mother, and now she is also dead, only to be passed to his hands for a certain number of years.
  
  Old silos, typical urban shantytowns, a dump downstairs, messy, neighbors generally below average in quality and means, many of the people who live here are not very friendly.
  Righteousness and selfishness, warm-heartedness and unfriendliness, they co-exist without contradiction and in eerie harmony with the poverty and backwardness of this residential neighborhood.
  
  For example, the old one-woman woman who lived across the street was a bit more unfriendly; every time she saw Wei Qian, from a distance, she would start rolling her eyes and then fling the door open as if she had seen something unclean, and sometimes she would intentionally throw garbage in front of his house.
  
  At first Wei Qian was too lazy to get along with her, he was a big kid with a small child, and he was not worried enough to worry every day, so he was too lazy to pay attention to this chicken skin.
  
  Furthermore, why should the poor make things difficult for the poor?
  
  Later Wei Qian realized that the poor could only make things difficult for the poor and would only make things difficult for the poor, otherwise what else would they do?
  
  His mom is a b*tch, he's a b*tch raised by a b*tch, and reasonably, the old lady was actually right in her scolding.
  But not today.
  
  He's done nothing wrong, he's better than anyone else even according to conventional wisdom, so why is he the only one who's had such a hard time?
  His over-achieving midterm grades had pulled his upper body into another world while his lower body was still sinking in a rambling swamp that both opened his eyes to the infinite greatness of the world and how he couldn't break free of his inherent identity and class.
  
  Even if he was a purebred social dregs punk like San Fat and Pocky, he wouldn't suffer like this.
  
  Wei Qian's overheated brain and overcooled heart finally drove him to a critical point, he lowered his eyes to stare at the stinking garbage in front of his house, his arms burst out a line of blue veins, his eyebrows look like his mother, but far from being as beautiful as she was, and that lifelong shroud of hatred and gloom has almost become his natural gas, handsome to the eye, but also gloomy to the point of being forced to people.
  
  Teenager Wei Qian silently squatted down, bit by bit, picking up those fruit peels and rotten leaves in front of the house and throwing them away.
  The little boy who had followed him back didn't know what was going on and watched from the side.
  
  Wei Qian took two steps carrying the trash in silence and suddenly no longer wanted to do so, he violently threw the trash in his hand at the doorway across the street and turned his head to snarl loudly at the boy, "What the fuck are you looking at?!"
  The little boy was startled and instinctively took a step back.
  
  Wei Qian said viciously, "Little bastard!"
  The little bastard leaned his back against the corner and watched him carefully with wide eyes.
  
  Wei Qian took a deep breath, he wanted to try hard to suppress the evil fire in his heart, as an "adult", he did not want to lose his temper in front of the little kid.
  
  However, at this moment, he found that he could not restrain himself, and even one of his eyelids was jumping ...... He was not really an adult after all.
  
  Wei Qian without warning suddenly turned around, picked up a large stone from the ground, "bam" smashed on the door of the old lady's window, broken glass "clatter" fell all over the place, the house came a scream.
  
  Wei Qian: "Listen to me, old man, I didn't bother with you before because you're old and you don't have many years to live, if you touch me again, I'll kill your whole family!"
  
  The old woman's pugnacious shouting and cursing came from the house, and the other party obviously didn't take him, a half-grown boy, seriously.
  
  Wei Qian without saying a word, turned around and carried a kitchen knife out of the house, kicked in her door, directly kicked her door lock broken, only a metal chain shakily connected, the teenager took the kitchen knife, vigorously hacked at the door of the house, face pale, eyes red, living like a psychotic homicidal maniac, froze the cursing old woman to cry.
  
  Since then, the old woman began to avoid walking with Wei Qian, spreading rumors around that he was a murderer, but the old woman never dared to curse in front of Wei Qian again, and never threw garbage in front of their house again.
  
  It seems that bullying is in the nature of things.
  
  But at that time, the young master Wei's appearance of the evil spirit demanding his life at that time scared the old woman to tears, but failed to scare the little boy to tears, and the little boy still persistently relied on the door of his house.
  
  Wei Qian completed his intimidation, "bam" bang, in front of the little boy slammed the door of his own home, locking him out, the little boy wandered outside alone for a while, finally, he stooped down, picked up the remaining bits of garbage in front of the door of Wei Qian, cleaned up and threw it away.
  He even picked up a few twigs, bundled them together, and swept the floor.
  
  Then he curled up in the doorway like an unwanted puppy and just hunkered down and slept the rest of the night.
  


4. Chapter IV 

  The next day Wei Qian went out to see that the little boy was surprisingly still there, he had a big head and thin limbs, shrunk into a round ball.
  
  Wei Qian nearly let the ragged group of people trip over.
  A night passed, the fire in his heart had subsided most of the time, Wei Qian hopelessly looked down at the little thing that had become a ball, not knowing what this little cub was thinking.
  
  Wei Qian was self-conscious that he was emanating a vengeful social light, i.e., there was no Buddha's light or Infinite Heavenly Father, and recalling that, it seemed that he hadn't given the other party a good look either.
  Wei Qian didn't understand where this little thing that seemed to be always ready to fight was looking at him, so easily dropping his guard and actually just relying on him.
  
  Thank goodness it was summer, if it were winter, a night in the north would have frozen the little boy to death.
  
  A so little big little thing, stand up and look and small treasure almost, can not really go home to take out a kitchen knife to finish him, Wei Qian stretched out his toes and poked the ball under his feet: "Hey, hey, hey, get up, don't sleep here, do you hear me? Our home is not open yet, blind sleep what?"
  
  The dirty cinder cone ball raised its head sleepily, and as soon as it saw Wei Qian, it immediately became energetic and looked at him with an expectant face, like a stumbling flower-faced kitten with the tip of its tail shivering, still trying hard to get to the soles of people's feet, and trying to show that it was well-behaved and harmless, and requesting for adoption.
  
  Anyone who saw it would not be able to bear it, but unfortunately, he met Wei Qian, such a hard-hearted person.
  
  Wei Qian has no sympathy, bullying cats and dogs do nothing, decisively ignored his pitiful little eyes, and lazy waste a word, back to lock the door, a bend, picked up the boy's thin arm, carry him all the way downstairs, and then to the sparse grass thrown, dryly said: "Don't give a nose to the face, roll. "
  
  The boy fell back into the weeds and watched with bated breath as he walked away without looking back like the villain he was.
  
  The little boy crawled up for a long time, looking up at the dilapidated silo that was very tall for him, and after a moment, hung his head, his little bare/naked toes tangled up with each other as he felt disappointed.
  
  This little guy was indeed a child who had been abducted and sold - Wei Qian had a hard heart and a poisonous eye, and he had seen it correctly.
  He was stolen when he was too young to remember the ins and outs very well, and the traffickers kept him for a few months before reselling him to a very remote farmer's home.
  
  That's okay, a son to anyone is a son, and he enjoyed being an only child for two years.
  Who knows that the third year, his adopted mother, who was determined by the village doctor to be infertile, miraculously became pregnant, and after another year, she gave birth to a healthy, fat boy.
  
  From that point on, the boy became redundant in his adoptive parents' home, and his days followed each other.
  
  While washing dishes in the cold well water that day, the boy accidentally broke a bowl because his fingers were numb from the cold, offending his adoptive father, who had returned home very drunk.
  His foster father stripped him naked and made him stand in the middle of the dripping yard in the middle of winter.
  
  The boy felt like he was going to give in to the freezing cold, and finally, he made a decision that was a bit shockingly bold for his age - he ran.
  
  The boy stole a few adult clothes, casually put them on his body, and then went out over the wall with the help of a ladder in the night, and he quietly hid in a car that was hauling winter cabbages to the city.
  
  He's been a little stray ever since.
  
  Such an unsupervised little boy is an easy target, during which the boy comes close to being abducted again several times, some attempting to sell him, some attempting to get him into thievery, and two discussing the sale of his organs - the boy overhears this when he is peeing in the middle of the night, and runs away in the night.
  
  It's a miracle he's survived this long and managed to escape every time, so lucky that he's become half an escape expert.
  He had secretly dabbled with trains, changed several cities in a row, met all kinds of people, occasionally someone tried to talk to him, he pretended to be mute and couldn't speak, and quickly thought of a way to escape, among them there might be really nice people, but unfortunately the boy didn't dare to put down his guard - being sold by a full set of wholesale would be fine, but he was even more afraid of those who were still planning to cut open his stomach and take out his body parts one by one for retail sale. his stomach and take out his body parts for retail sale.
  
  But with all the wind and hunger, he still instinctively envied those who had a house to live in and a family to call their own.
  
  The little guy hadn't known what home was like for a long time, yet it was impossible for him to have a home because he feared touching anyone.
  In the boy's eyes, there seemed to be only two kinds of people in the world, one kind of people who disliked him for being dirty and walked around him from a long distance, and also threw stones at him and hit him, and one kind of people who were kind to him, but in their hearts they actually still wanted to sell him.
  
  Until he met such a unique person.
  
  He had heard people call him "Qian'er" in the characteristic localized voice, a man who had helped him fight off big wild dogs and given him food, but who had always left without saying a word to him.
  Of course, more often than not, the man would be oblivious to him.
  
  Both Wei Qian's familiarity and lack of communication made the boy feel safe, while at the same time, his occasional acts of charity made the boy feel a rare hint of warmth.
  
  The little boy had actually been changing places to live, but in order to sneak a peek at this man every day, he had unknowingly been living in this little hutong for months.
  
  In the intervening months, the little boy, after careful observation and judicious argument, had come to the conclusion with his malnourished brain because he had never been able to get enough to eat-that the big brother was a good man.
  In his wandering career, this is the first time in his heart involuntarily born desire to contact other people ...... But to his disappointment, he stretched out the tentacles to try to touch, the suspected "good people" of the asshole does not seem to want to adopt him.
  
  Disappointed and saddened, the boy wandered around in the same spot for a while, contemplating whether or not to give up.
  Before he could think of the result, it was raining, and the boy had no choice but to duck back into the building.
  
  This heavy rain did not stop until the evening, three fat mom came downstairs at noon to help Xiao Bao heat up the food, saw the little boy huddled in the hallway, she was taken aback, bending down to take a closer look at him, "Yo, whose kid is this?"
  The boy immediately looked like a small beast that had exploded, raising his head menacingly, his whole body tensed up, as if he intended to charge up and bite her at any time, his fierce eyes startled San Fatty's mom into taking half a step back, "Aiyo, this little screamer is crazy!"
  
  Afraid of getting into trouble, Three Fatty's mom gave the little boy a wary look, quickly opened the door with the key Wei Qian had left behind, and went into the house in three steps.
  
  In the evening Wei Qian came back from school to do odd jobs, a
------------

Reading in sections 4

When he looked down, he saw the little group in the corner, and his face didn't look too good.
  He sauntered over and tried to re-throw the not-so-nice pup, and as soon as the little group saw him coming, they thought they were going to get a beating, and quickly faded toward the corner in a defensive position in fear.
  
  For the fact that this little kid also knew to be afraid of this, made Wei Qian's heart develop a weird sense of satisfaction, this middle-aged teenager coldly grunted, looked up and swept a glance at the rain outside the window, turned around and went into the house, surprisingly letting the little boy go.
  
  Summer sweltering, Wei Qian usually only close the security door with a layer of screens, and do not close the door in order to ventilate the room.
  
  When Xiaobao saw a little kid outside, he asked in a milky voice, "Brother, who's that guy outside, he's so shy and doesn't wear pants."
  Wei Qian said, "Play your game, mind less."
  
  After a while, Xiaobao added, "Brother, he keeps looking at our house."
  Wei Qian then walked over and stood in the doorway viciously yelling at the boy, "Get the hell away from me!"
  
  The boy was taken aback by him and took a few hesitant steps back.
  
  But when he came out of the kitchen with the dishes, he saw Xiao Bao squatting in the doorway, looking out and saying, "Brother, he's still looking into our house, so let him come in."
  
  This time Wei Qian didn't even bother to scare her, simply ignored her, put the dishes on the dining table, then walked over and raised his hand to fling the gate shut, completely isolating those two ravishing prying eyes from the door.
  
  Let him in? Wei Qian said in his heart, if he were a millionaire, such a little cub, he would like to raise ten heads of eight, every morning let them stand in a row to count the number of play.
  
  But is he?
  
  He's just a poor, out-of-touch punk who doesn't even know which Monkey Mountain to get the four hundred dollars he has to pay for tuition at the beginning of the school year!
  
  Unfortunately, girls are extroverted, Song Xiaobao, this little girl is simply not a thing, the diaper has just taken off not two days, actually already learned to elbow out.
  Not two days later, when Wei Qian entered the door, he found that Xiao Bao had already put that little brat in the house.
  
  Wei Qian was afraid that the little wild child outside had infectious diseases and parasites that would infect Little Treasure, so he immediately snapped at his sister, scaring the little girl to the point of wailing. He reached out and picked up the undershirt on the little cub and threw him out again like a quick rag.
  
  The little boy then struggled in his hands, struggling but not, staring at him with those dark, black eyes, which looked like black stones freshly washed by the rain in the mountains, in the dirty little face that could not see the features of the eyes, looked so wild, and full of indignation, loss, and a vague plea.
  "Son of a bitch." Wei Qian scolded him.
  
  Xiao Bao she is really a thing that remembers food but not beatings - mainly because Wei Qian didn't really beat her, although he didn't express it much, in fact, he was so precious that he didn't even touch a single strand of her hair off, so much so that the scolding, Comrade Song Xiao Bao put down her paw and forgot about it.
  It wasn't three days later that she claimed the little cub again.
  
  This will also have to be a ghost, this time, her cold and bad-tempered big brother was finally provoked, Wei Qian reached out to grab the boy, the boy sensed the danger, busy leaping up to avoid, so that Wei Qian's this high up the slap swung a blank.
  
  Wei Qian was furious, lifted his leg and gave him a nesting kick, the boy was solidly kicked in pain, surprisingly did not scream, just muffled grunts, obediently kneeled on the ground, stretched out his arms, hugged Wei Qian's legs.
  
  Xiao Bao this bear child is finally a long time to see, she never thought that the big brother who spends a lot of time together will actually be so violent, scared "ow" a voice cried out, howling, "Brother!"
  
  The boy also somehow heard this, his heart and mind seemed to be tugged, he pretended to be mute for more than a year, but at this time he opened his mouth to Wei Qian without any head, even though his voice was too hoarse to be like a child, and his pronunciation was strange, but Wei Qian still heard him clearly, and he followed Xiao Bao's example and said, "Brother!"
  
  Wei Qian's foot that was raised up and ready to step down hard then suddenly couldn't move.
  
  What is he doing? Wei Qian thought blankly, beating up such a little brat? What's the difference between this and his bitchy/bitchy mom?
  
  At the end of the day, Wei Qian sighed, slowly retracted his feet, and without a word, walked into the kitchen, hastily laid down a pot of clear hanging noodle soup, and brought it to the little boy, "Eat."
  
  The boy didn't want to appear too unimpressive, but the bowl was like a drought for him, and as soon as he smelled the aroma, the word "impeccable" happily abandoned him and ran away with him.
  He almost buried his face into the bowl, sparingly ate a fierce meal, the autumn wind sweeping down the leaves in general, even dry three bowls, his stomach is rounded.
  
  Wei Qian calmly sat next to him and when he finished eating, he made a move to clean up the dishes and then said to the boy, "Understand human language, right? Alright, I know you understand."
  
  Wei Qian shook the dishwater off his hands and squatted down so that he was at eye level with the little thing.
  
  "I can't afford you," he said, almost invoking the greatest patience of his life, "you, ah, are looking in the wrong place."
  There was still unwiped vegetable soup around the boy's mouth, and his starry eyes stared at the teenager in front of him.
  
  Wei Qian gently pushed on his shoulder, "Alright, eat and go."
  
  A minute later, the boy walked upright out of his house for the first time, instead of being violently thrown out by him.
  
  For two or three days, Wei Qian didn't see the pestering little boy, until the dusk of the fourth day, when he was dragging his tired body home and calculating how much money he was still short of for tuition, he saw the little boy again in front of his house.
  
  This time Bao did not dare to open the door, and the two children, one standing in the door and the other outside, heard the footsteps, and together they raised their heads and looked blearily at him.
  The boy standing in the doorway is dragging a huge snakeskin bag in his hand, inside the "clanking", Wei Qian lowered his eyes and swept a glance, found that it was a bag of bottle caps and cans.
  
  "This can be sold for money." Seeing that he was silent for a long time, the boy explained in a small voice, as if he was afraid that Wei Qian wouldn't believe him, stretching out his dirty little hand, which was sweat-slicked and holding two dollars and fifty cents worth of paper money, "Really, I've sold it."
  
  Wei Qian remained silent.
  Po called out softly at the right time, "Brother."
  
  Wei Qian closed his eyes once and said, "What the fuck, what's all this!"
  


5. Chapter V 

  And so it was that the little boy stayed after all in a deadbeat.
  
  Years later, when the boy himself recalled the event, he almost felt that he had accomplished an impossible feat.
  
  His asshole big brother in the wings after growing hard, more and more to his asshole traits to play the world unparalleled, the natural growth of a set of iron heart, never say one thing, the boy sometimes doubt, the world in the end there is no can change Wei Qian's mind things.
  
  But that year, after months of observation and weeks of softening up, he actually managed to impress the hard-hearted bastard.
  
  The little boy slowly regained his ability to speak after staying at Wei Qian's house, only to remain silent most of the time, seemingly worried that his presence was too strong and that he would attract dislike and abuse from others.
  At first, he didn't even dare to get on the bed or the couch, and at night he cowered into the corner and slept on the floor like a little wild dog.
  It seemed to be that he would have been satisfied with a roof over his head and a few mouthfuls of clean food and drink to protect him from the wind and rain.
  
  Wei Qian observed his behavior, and could not help remembering that when he was as old as this little thing, he had also been so careful to please his stepfather, and he understood the significance of those behaviors, and not only did he not think the boy was odd, but he secretly developed some kind of hidden emotional connection to him.
  
  Of course - he won't show such feelings, Weiqian believes that as a "family member", it is appropriate to be a little high and mighty in the family.
  He patiently washed the little fellow, and, fearing that he might have lice, shaved all the little boy's hair, and found an old shirt of Bao's for him to wear.
  
  The little bald kid was wearing the little girl's cheap, lace-fallen dress, and surprisingly, he didn't look very out of place, so it was obvious that the little boy had a good base.
  Wei Qian looked at him thoughtfully surveyed for a long time, the dog's mouth can not spit out the ivory made the following comment: "human-like dog."
  
  But Wei Qian thought, probably people look pretty good when they are young, probably because they are small, and they don't worry about anything in their hearts, so their eyes are also clean and reflective.
  
  This ridiculous view was three fat mouth rejected - three fat said beauty is beauty, ugly is ugly, are born, and age size half a penny relationship is not.
  Three fat, Wei Qian and hemp is to grow up together, from childhood to wear a pants friendship, three fat than Wei Qian three or four years old, hemp and Wei Qian a year was born, playing with mud together as a child, grew up together as a gangster, although not together have done a good thing, but the friendship is very strong.
  
  To puberty, Wei Qian to vertical growth, more and more thin and tall, three fat to horizontal growth, seventeen or eighteen years old, just like has been achieved a middle-aged man blossomed stinking virtues ...... As for the hemp, he is tall, short, fat and thin do not matter, that a face of pitted closed acne so that his head is like a bumpy asteroid, the night at first glance See can scare and cry a few people, so much so that his other qualities are ignored.
  
  Three Fatty, this dead fat, himself looks like Piggy's second uncle, but shamelessly likes to judge others' beauty and ugliness, every time he sees Xiaobao he has to sigh a little, because this little girl looks really shabby.
  
  Relying on his friendship, Sanfan was outspoken to Wei Qian-usually what Wei Qian didn't like to hear, he had to say.
  Every time I arrived at Wei Qian's house, San Fat would have to strangle and mournfully hold Xiaobao over to take a look at her, singing and generally shouting, "Sister ah, my bitter sister ah, how can your little face be so black, fall into the coal heap can't find ah!"
  
  Wei Qian snatched back Xiao Bao, "Fuck off, we call that Black Lili Pretty."
  
  Three fat continue to cry the sky: "Your brother open eyes say blind, there are eyes so small black in the beautiful?"
  
  Wei Qian said with vigor, "What's wrong with small eyes, our face is also small, bull's-eye big? Long your pie face is still a line of heaven."
  Three fat: "Roll, your family pancakes need to be like your third brother so handsome pancake pan, you head of state ah? Hey, I'm not saying, big eyes and small eyes is not a problem, you look at our sister's nose - this small collapsed nose, can worry me to death, with the door slammed like, Qian'er, why do you think our sister does not look like our mom? If she doesn't look like our mom, she doesn't have to worry."
  
  Wei Qian: "Bullshit, she wasn't born to me."
  
  After saying that, Wei Qian carried Xiao Bao to a place flush with his own line of sight, and carefully surveyed the little girl's cool appearance of her real father, even if it was flesh and blood, he also had to admit that SanFat was right, Xiao Bao's face of that pitiful little collapsed nose, really living like no nose bone like.
  Wei Qian worriedly in the heart of the calculation, in the future no matter what to let her protect her eyes, can not be myopic, or this small collapsed nose I am afraid that even the glasses can not stand.
  
  But he still refused to admit that his sister was ugly, so he said forcefully, "What happened to the collapsed nose, the female nose is not good, the high ...... nose does not look like a good person."
  He said so because his mother had a straight and beautiful high nose, the nose was the king of the five senses, she looked so spirited that people were impressed at a glance. And Wei Qian always hated all of his mother's qualities - no matter if they were beautiful or ugly.
  
  In Wei Qian's heart, as long as Song Xiaobao didn't look like their mom, even if she turned into an ugly monster with a face full of blossoms just like Ma Zi in the future, he still found it cute.
  
  Three fat know the causes and consequences of his family, rare did not argue with him, from Wei Qian's arms took over the small treasure, there is a moment without a moment to pinch the bridge of her nose - later she grew up after the bridge of the nose is not so collapsed, most of the time it is her fat brother to artificial pinch up. Three fat side pinch also chanting: "sister yo, I can not marry out of the sister yo ......"
  At this time, the hemp son pushed the door in, smilingly said, "Three, three brother, seven seven seven ang ...... kian er, small, small treasure sister."
  
  Three Fatty blocked Xiao Bao's ears as if he were an enemy: "Aigoo my mom, your old man can't talk in front of the child, when the time comes to learn from you to become a stuttering mouth, the child's her brother can chop you into dumpling stuffing!"
  
  Pocky is limited by his talent, and his whole life is not sharp-tongued, so he had to take the simple route, and he was not angry when he heard it, and touched his own head and giggled, and he touched a hand on each of the heads of Xiaobao and the boy that he picked up, and pulled out two pieces of candy, and gave one to each person to share a piece of it.
  
  Pocky dropped out of school a long time ago, not because there is no money to go to school, the reason is really difficult to say - until the fifth grade, Pocky can only count to 99, on the three-digit number he won't be able to, the teacher was so angry that he was punished for all the numbers between 100 and 200 in order to copy a hundred times, he "whimpering and puffing" a not less than one time to finish copying, neatly and diligently, without any cheating, and then the teacher took a look at the serial! "Once not less copy finished, neatly, diligently, not a little sneaky, the results of copying the teacher to see, well, serial!
  
  Three fat bitterly looked at his stupid and ugly brother, then recited, "Brother yo, I can not marry a wife brother yo ......"
  
  Three Fatty prematurely showed his worries about other people's marital situations, to the extent that Wei Qian concluded that this dead fat man was so gifted that he would surely turn into a pimp in the future.
  
  Wei Qian is very depressed about his own friendships, hemp is a fool, three fat is a big fool, he is sandwiched between them, almost have a kind of "all the world are fools, only I only understand" pathos.
  
  Dumb ass opened his mouth and asked, "Le, Le brother let, let me ask, you, you tuition have ...... landed?"
  These words poked straight into Wei Qian's heartbreak, and his heart, which had been quite pleasant just a moment ago, sank with a gurgle as if it had been stuffed with a lump of ice.
  
  Wei Qian said in his heart, there's a ghost landing, but he didn't want to show weakness and lose face in front of the two stupid hairdressers, so he pretended to be unconcerned and waved his hand inscrutably and said, "Oh, there's no rush."
  
  The big idiot three fat busy interface said: "Aiyo baby, brother begged you, this is the time, you do not pretend to God, this can not not be in a hurry ah! It's almost time for school to start! In the end how to say, lack of how much, you say a word, a few brothers to help you think of ways to ...... you say that we are a group of people, one by one, were born and the school has a destiny, just you a good, a person to take a hand, but also to push you up ah!"
  
  Wei Qian felt as if his heart had been pinched by a fiery hand, and for a second or two, he ran out of words, and his lips quivered imperceptibly
------------

Reading in sections 5

twice, and yet the next moment he remained restrained with the utmost fortitude, keeping up his smelly, hard inner self and his big-tailed exterior.
  
  "Come on, what a big deal," Wei Qian did not raise his eyelids and said carelessly, "I know in my heart, I don't need you guys to worry about it, but also for me to tell Brother Le, it's fine."
  And then he quickly changed the topic, "Hey, by the way, that little brat, I asked him what his name was, and he told me his name was 'Kid', and no fucking shit the parents gave him such a douchey name, and I've been pondering over the past two days to get him a big name."
  
  Pocky heart for him anxious, ? whimpering still want to say something else, the more anxious he is the more he can not say clearly, the end or by the three fat interrupted.
  Three fat know Wei Qian this person's urbane, know that he is a lizi are off the light, but also not willing to lose face of the grandson, obviously do not want to mention this in front of the two of them, so along with Wei Qian's meaning of the heart of the bullshit said: "line ah, you call Wei Qian, then let him call Wei Xu got."
  
  Wei Qian laughed and scolded, "Fuck you, 'stomach deficiency' and 'stomach ache'."
  
  The three of them fooled around and brought their own dry food and meals to eat at Wei Qian's house before dispersing separately.
  
  Wei Qian pondered for a while, since Le asked about him, he had to meet personally, otherwise it would be rather unintelligent - Wei Qian for pocket money, from childhood and a group of social dregs mixed together, and Le is the big brother of their group, is near and far the most bullish man, older than them all, mixed for many years, the family has a very background, the people are also Very righteous, with their group of small brothers are also heart for life, do not take the shelf.
  
  After Wei Qian's mother died, Le did not take care of them, help with a favor, something to carry things, Wei Qian once felt that he was simply his own brother.
  
  Le is still pleasant to him, first and Wei Qian pleasantries, and then said: ''Your family, I have heard, this little thing to us, do not know how much road, so big gadgets, can live until now is not easy, I see the future he is not likely to be a character, can be more than those of us who have gone far, or else it is called a small far. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that. Well ...... it doesn't sound too good, add a word and call it 'Wei Zhi Yuan', okay?"
  
  Brother Le gave the name, Wei Qian was naturally happy.
  At that time Wei Qian was still small, not so much heart, although he half a foot into the three religions and nine streams, but in the end the age of the limitations of insight, and can not very well understand the rules of adult society, but also do not really know what kind of person Le is.
  
  At this point even if Le farted, the fourteen year old Wei Qian would feel that he had farted philosophically.
  
  Le asked again, "How old is that little thing?"
  "He said himself that he is eight years old." Wei Qian said, "It doesn't look like it to me, it's just about the same as Xiao Bao."
  
  Luck let out a "hmm" and frowned, "Then have you thought about what to do in the future? He doesn't have an account, so it's useless to have a big name."
  
  Yes, Wei Qian heart moved, Wei Zhiyuan has a big name, but is still a real "black".
  In fact, if Wei Qian hadn't been a fucking whoremonger who drank too much and pretended to be nice, Wei Qian would have been a "black man" by now.
  
  Wei Qian frowned, the local account was not that easy to get into, and there was really nothing he could do about it.
  Le deliberately paused for a while, letting him agonize for a good while before speaking leisurely, "If you trust me, why don't you leave this to me first, what do you think?"
  Wei Qian was on the spot, "I ...... I this ...... this thing so ......"
  
  He was barely able to speak complete words for a while, and Wei Qian smiled down rather embarrassingly and laughed to himself, "It's over, it's all about to be infected with a stutter by the hemp."
  
  Le gave him an affectionate handful of his head and waited for his reply with good humor.
  
  Le, despite his youth, is an ambitious character, and ambitious enough to specialize in crooked ways.
  He is quite scheming, multi minded and suspicious, and knows that in order to become successful in the future, he must have his own diehard loyalty, and he is in the process of paving the way for himself, he looked at Wei Qian. First of all, Wei Qian is the right age, fourteen or fifteen years old, is the age of half-knowledge, understand things, and not too much, treat him better, he will be easy to die. And so many little brothers, Le brother looked at Wei Qian alone, but also because Wei Qian can mix, can fight, can be open-minded, have such three qualities has been rare, not to mention that he even know how to read.
  
  Le first heard that this kid can actually participate in the examination, but also so outstanding, simply shocked, even if Le has been considered a local figure, he is still a hooligan from the hooligans mixed up big hooligans, and never and "study" this kind of thing has the slightest relationship.
  
  Wei Qian this cub, even if born in a poorer ordinary family, the future will also become a great talent, but it is the fate of this negligence of him, simply no more in Le's mind, Le feels like going out to buy a stone in the flower and bird market, the result of picking up a valuable antiques of the leakage.
  
  Le heart calculations, the only problem, is Wei Qian this person temperament is a little difficult to manipulate, although rare to have a few points of reverence for their own, but a definitely not willing to beg.
  
  For a half grown kid to study in high school, there is not much money - with Le's current financial strength, even sending a child abroad to study is not worth a few dollars - the sentiment of sending charcoal in the snow, he is not afraid that Wei Qian will not be in the future liver and brain.
  Lok can see that this child's heart is heavy and thin-skinned, and I'm afraid that such a person will not be able to do anything ungrateful.
  
  At that time, the account was a lot more lenient than later, as long as there is a doorway, spend some money, or some maneuverability, but then there is maneuverability, but also not within the scope of Wei Qian's ability, so Wei Qian thought about it, did not ill-advisedly refused, secretly in the heart of the note to the Le - this is all a debt of gratitude to be paid back.
  
  Le and he casually said a few more words of gossip, did not mention the matter of tuition fees, the account in any case is Wei Qian can not do, this little kid can still accept, but the issue of tuition fees, he can not say, said rather easy to hurt the teenager's self-esteem.
  But Le is not in a hurry, he can see that Wei Qian is really want to study, otherwise the results could not be so good, so he waited, Wei Qian will one day take the initiative to beg for their own, before leaving, Le profoundly to Wei Qian said: "with brother polite what? Qian'er, you remember, in the future, if you encounter any difficulties, you can come to find brother, do you hear me? As long as brother's ability within the scope, the sky collapsed can also give you up, don't hold yourself, who let us is a good brother it."
  
  He finished, patted Wei Qian's shoulder, looked at the helpless young man, conscious of their own this is really done grass snake, ambulance veins thousands of miles, such a great talent, the future will not be a matter of simply heavenly reason is not allowed.
  
  

6. Chapter VI

  Brother Le's work is nimble, Wei Zhiyuan's account came down quickly, landing on Wei Qian's family's account book, which will have no problem sending him to elementary school.
  And feed Wei Zhiyuan is not difficult, give him enough to eat on the line, Wei Zhiyuan give what to eat, not picky, seize the time to absorb all the nutrients he can absorb, small half a year's time, he jumped half a palm-high height, perfect explanation of what is called "give a little sunshine on the brilliant".
  
  Xiao Bao's clothes he could no longer wear, Wei Qian had to give him his old clothes.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan still doesn't like to talk to people, except for Wei Qian's siblings and a few brothers who often come to the house, he doesn't talk to people, and his sense of defense is still very heavy.
  Other than that, Wei Zhiyuan, this child has almost no other faults, he is extremely capable of detecting words and colors, as long as Wei Qian frowns a little, he immediately receives the signal, knowing that his big brother is not happy, and within three seconds, he can camouflage himself as a mural on the wall, pretending that he doesn't exist.
  
  He was simply diligent at home, cleaned the house every day, since Wei Zhiyuan came, the hot water in the heater is never full, the garbage is never in the house overnight, who changed down and threw the clothes where he saw, he will silently take it to wash it.
  
  He's guarded and fawning, positioning himself as an appendage and like a watchdog, and with strangers, he has a downright creepy look in his eyes, eyes like black beans, looking straight at people, a wild pup not to be messed with.
  
  Above these are the three fat comrades observed, Wei Qian heard also did not take it to heart, he thought the dog pup on the dog pup, anyway, this child is not trouble, he is usually not at home, let him give Xiaobao as a companion is also good.
  
  ...... Until that one incident immediately afterward.
  
  That day, a gang of ungrateful, plucked a part to Le's territory, and opened the head of one of Le's godbrothers, and a bunch of their brothers went with their guys that day, and did a battle with the other side, which, coincidentally, took place on a street near Wei Qian's house.
  
  Just as they were fucking each other's heads into a dog's head, they suddenly heard the commotion of a hose scraping the ground in the street behind them.
  
  Before Wei Qian could turn around to look, he heard San Fatty yell from the side, "Ouch my ass!"
  When Wei Qian took a look, he was also startled - only to see that little brat Wei Zhiyuan carrying a water pipe longer than others, dragging it on the ground, and was running this way in an unusually comical pose, stumped.
  
  Wei Qian happened to see his eyes, and he realized that SanFat was right, the little thing's eyes were truly like a fierce wild dog pup, and even though he was dragging such a long hose that he couldn't even walk steadily, he was so eerie that he could see in him his determination to finish off all his enemies.
  To put it mildly, he had the kind of "killing intent" described in martial arts novels.
  
  Triple Fatty: "Boy, what the hell did you pick up?"
  Wei Qian: "Don't mention it, I didn't bring a magnifying glass when I picked it up, if only I knew."
  
  Three fat sigh of wonder, far from the Wei Zhiyuan shouted: "line ai baby, our brothers and sisters are finished today, no need for you to show up, let's get up and drive back to the palace!"
  Wei Zhiyuan knew Sanfat, and stood still at the sound of this, blinking his big round eyes at him and then at Wei Qian, throwing the hose down, wiping his nose, wiping the snot clean, and saying, "Oh."
  
  As a result, Wei Qian went home that night and had a dream, dreaming that Wei Zhiyuan had become a psychopathic murderer, and after killing people he didn't know how to run, calmly sitting in a pool of blood between the expressionless mouth called him a "brother".
  Wei Qian woke up cold and sweaty on the spot, he sat on the bed, saw the naked ass/shorts on the side of the bed lying on the bed sleeping in a daze, couldn't help but raise his hand on his soft hair and touched it.
  And Wei Zhiyuan was like a little piglet, unconsciously rubbing against his palm.
  
  Wei Qian pinched his little arms and legs again, and found that he was soft everywhere, as soft as Xiaobao, not like a murderer at all, and smashed his mouth when he was dreaming, and he didn't know what kind of delicious food he was dreaming about.
  
  He sat next to him and observed him for a while, thinking to himself that this cub was only a little bit old, but he was so ferocious, what would happen to him in the future?
  It doesn't matter, just don't go out and get him in trouble.
  
  The future ...... Alas, "future" is such a remote word.
  
  Wei Qian could not sleep, he got out of bed, walked to the balcony, pushed the window open a little, in the cold winter months of the gusts of wind, in the depths of the night to think about his own nebulous "future".
  
  High school tuition is so much more expensive than compulsory education, so expensive that Wei Qian smashed pots and pans, but only barely enough for a semester, he read the high school in this small half a year, from his dead mother that the savings are about to be spent, and now, with the weather cooler every day like a day, Wei Qian has almost reached the point of exhaustion, but such a heavy pressure but there is no place to talk about it because he is the big brother.
  Wei Qian dreamed of finishing high school, dreamed of like most people in this city, suits, nine to five, decent life.
  
  "Decency", that was the dream that he had broken his bones for, even though it seemed so stupid, distant and vain.
  
  Reality couldn't allow him to fantasize about a nebulous future like that anymore. The heavy curriculum of high school took up all his time, and his teachers wouldn't allow him to leave school alone while others were studying late to go work somewhere.
  And counting the little treasure has reached the age of seven, is also to go to school age, because he this do big brother selfish, only care about their own tuition fees and dreams, intentionally or unintentionally missed the elementary school enrollment time, this year just let her delayed, Wei Qian how to dare to delay her next year.
  
  Wei Qian quietly walked into the kitchen, there are less than two pounds of stale rice left in the rice jar, there is a large onion and a few rotten vegetable leaves in the kitchen, and he still has ten dollars and fifty cents left in his pocket.
  He has to buy food, groceries, and pay his utility bills ......
  He needs that much money to make a minimum living.
  Such a life is like a sack full of holes, all around the holes, let Wei Qian exhausted to get the money easily clatter out.
  
  Wei Qian's way of getting money continued to be to work odd jobs every weekend, and with an extra family member, the money started to run out.
  When Wei Qian left every morning, he fried a dish, left two steamed buns for the two children, and then claimed to eat at school himself.
  
  It wouldn't be enough if he didn't save his lunch money. But he is, after all, the age of large meals, can not starve, so Wei Qian will take advantage of the noon lunch break time over the wall to walk out of school, to Le's billiards hall to warm up the field, and in the meantime to rub a lunch to eat, a semester down, he consciously billiards are almost become half professional level.
  
  Every day ...... every fagot was a whip, from the moment he opened his eyes, lashing him to keep running and thinking.
  
  This made Wei Qian's mind difficult to calm - under heavy pressure, anyone's mind is difficult to calm.
  He touched half a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, which was slipped to him by someone during the afternoon fight, and he suddenly remembered the look of other people when they puffed out clouds, so Weiqian sat down in the kitchen and lit the cigarettes.
  He had learned to smoke his first cigarette by accident while coughing, and the lack of oxygen in his lungs made him feel dizzy and even a little nauseous.
  Wei Qian sat on the floor and rested against the door panel for a moment.
  
  Otherwise ...... there would be no school.
  He thought this blankly.
  
  "I really have no way." Wei Qian said to himself, "I'm really at the end of my rope, there's nothing I can do at all."
  He was so sad that he was on the verge of tears, like he was watching the door to another world, another life, slowly closing in front of him, and he was desperately trying to catch up, but he was always out of reach.
  
  Just then, Wei Qian remembered Le
------------

Reading in sections 6

Brother's line - go to him if you have any difficulties.
  
  Wei Qian opened his eyes wide and pondered for a moment, and suddenly stood up violently as if he had grasped a life-saving straw, his cigarette still clumsily clutched between his two fingers, and his entire body trembled at the congeniality that had suddenly appeared in front of him.
  
  Wei Qian's mouth was a bit dry, and he couldn't wait to rush to Le right now.
  
  Yes, surely Lok would lend him the money, and when he finished school, or even if he could finish college, he would come back to repay Lok, in a different capacity.
  As long as Le is willing to pay for him, he no longer need to eat every day without the next meal to worry about, no longer need to count the family that little money to count the tip of the heart hurts, he can be down to earth to read down these years, he guaranteed that he will be first-class results ......
  
  The hot ashes of the cigarette landed on Wei Qian's hand, burning him.
  
  He silently lowered his head, stared at the scattered butts of the bad cigarettes for a moment, twisted the butt out and threw it in the trash.
  
  Wei Qian's rolling brain cooled down, and he realized he couldn't do it.
  
  He always remembered the story of the river crossing extraordinarily well - the experience of leaning into his mother's arms and listening to the story was a memory that was never a luxury for him.
  He remembered what the woman had said, "You can't live too comfortably. When you're full of brains and eat every day, you're not far from hiccups.
  A cold is not far away."
  
  Lok can help him once, can he keep helping him?
  Save the emergency, not the poor.
  What obligation does Le have to give him money to go to school, to feed him, to clothe him, to make him carefree?
  And that kind of carefree days do not know why, Wei Qian think of it, feel both yearning, but also creepy, as if he suddenly saw that comfortable and weak self, like a pig in a pen.
  
  Is there anything in the world more frightening to a teenager like him than weakness?
  Is there anything in the world that makes a teenager like him more desperate than "no hope"?
  
  If Wei Qian had not been weak, he would have had to drop out of school, would have had to take a hopeless path - to leave school, to become a gangster, to work as a punk, to work odd jobs, to become a scum of the city's underbelly, to trudge through life, a path that could be seen to the end almost at a glance.
  Wei Qian didn't know how long he had been standing rigidly in the kitchen, feeling his hands go a little numb from the cold, before he sniffled and returned to the small bedroom in the living room that was separated by a curtain and lay back on the bed.
  
  Wei Qian's family has only one room and one hall, after Xiao Bao was three years old, he felt that it was not quite convenient to let her sleep with him, so he gave the bedroom to his sister, and he himself pulled out a curtain in the living room and put a bed in the corner, which was considered to be a partitioned bedroom.
  Wei Zhiyuan had always slept with him.
  
  When Wei Qian lay back on the bed, the little one next to him moved, not knowing whether he was not asleep or was woken up.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan cautiously opened his eyes and surveyed his big brother's demeanor before smelling a choking smell of smoke on him. Wei Zhiyuan wasn't Xiao Bao, he hadn't been spoiled like that since he was a child, so he didn't dare to be as heartless as her.
  
  Sensing his words, Little Farther carefully and softly called out, "Brother."
  Wei Qian was in a troubled state of mind and didn't want to pay attention to him.
  
  Xiao Yuan waited for a long time without waiting for his reply, gently tugging on his shirt, he asked, "Brother, is it because you don't have any money and can't support me?"
  
  Wei Qian thought to himself, "I'm glad you know that" - but he didn't say it out loud, not because he wanted to avoid hurting the child's heart, but because he felt that "admitting that you're incompetent and penniless" was very humiliating, so he shook off Wei Zhiyuan's hand in an unfriendly manner: "What are you talking about, are you still sleeping? Shut up!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't say anything for a long time, and Wei Qian thought he was asleep.
  Who knows after a while, the little guy actually rustled over, drilled into his quilt, touching Wei Qian's cold hands and feet - the house is very cold in winter, when the heating was not popularized to this forgotten old shantytown. There are still small children at home, Wei Qian is not assured that the stove, so with the money saved for half a year to buy a second-hand electric heater, but that thing after all, electricity, they usually can not open on not open.
  
  The temperature of Wei Qian's cold skin made Wei Zhiyuan instinctively cower for a moment, yet in the next moment, the boy shivered and came over, wrapping his hands around Wei Qian's hands and tucking them into his arms, and then endeavoring to straighten his legs, with his head almost buried in the quilt before he could barely reach Wei Qian's feet, and gently put his own feet on his big brother's cold treads.
  
  In an instant, Farley felt the temperature of his body flying away.
  
  After he did that, with a little bit of curtness, he whispered, "Don't don't want me, okay? I can work, and I can pick up rags, and I can make money."
  
  These soft few words caused Wei Qian's heart and mind to almost tremble.
  
  Probably because he didn't answer for a long time, Wei Zhiyuan began to panic.
  Wei Qian provided him with a safe and warm place to live, gave him a home that he used to be so envious of that he didn't dare to imagine it, and never beat him, and didn't even instruct him to do much work.
  
  Even this winter, Big Brother had bought him and Xiaobao a thick cotton garment each.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that this was almost like a beautiful dream, and he was afraid that if he woke up from the dream, he would be the same homeless child that no one wanted, wandering around the coldest parts of the city, picking up garbage for a living.
  
  "Please." Wei Zhiyuan's low-pressed voice trembled a little, "Don't throw me away."
  Two seconds later, he added, "Brother."
  
  Wei Qian had mixed feelings in his heart, to say that he didn't want to throw this cub and relieve himself of a bit of burden was impossible, yet in the end, he just raked Wei Zhiyuan's head and simply ordered, "Sleep."
  
  There would be no more words.

  But it's time for cats and dogs to get attached after having them for most of the year, not to mention individuals.
  
  Not to mention the fact that this little guy surrounds himself every day and tries to do things and work every day just to make himself a little happier and to be able to make him stay.
  Wei Qian knew that he was soft, he thought that he should not be soft, but he could not help it, he was not a stone after all.
  
  Forget it, he thought, listening to the tiny breaths in his ears, and thinking, "The little cub, poor thing.
  
  

7. Chapter VII 

  Wei Qian once fantasized that one day, a reporter would find him and his siblings living like dogs in such an old silo, and then the reporter would take a few photos, write with a stroke of a pen, and write such a tearful and disgusting title as "Aspiring Teenager Working for Siblings to Go to School and Carrying a Family on His Young Shoulders", and then he would have government agencies come to their home to give them money, and there would be all kinds of big money to donate to their family, and all he had to do was to appear on TV and take a photo with them holding up a big check, and then he could do it. There will be government agencies to give money to the door, there will be all sorts of money to spend nowhere big money to their family donations, and he just need to go on TV, with them holding a big check to take a picture together can be.
  
  However, there are still reports of "poor college students", "poor middle school students" and "poor elementary school students" broadcasted on TV every day, but none of them has approached Weiqian and the others.
  
  Probably there were so many poor people in those days that you needed to wait in line for a lottery to get on TV like you did later to buy a car.
  
  Immediately to the end of the school year, the weather is getting colder and colder, the morning out of the sky is not yet bright, Wei Qian rode a second-hand bicycle in the moonlight out of the door.
  He didn't have gloves, and by the time he got to school his hands were so frozen that he could barely feel them, so he had to run upstairs with his head down while rubbing his hands together as fast as he could.
  
  That day, when he went upstairs, he happened to run into his homeroom teacher, who was a middle-aged female teacher, surnamed Li, who was usually very nice to him - like Wei Qian, a student who reads very seriously, gets good grades and has a low-key attitude that doesn't cause any trouble, and if he happens to be more spirited and the teacher is a woman, he's basically destined to be favored by his teachers at school. If he happens to be good-looking and the teacher is a woman, he's basically destined to be favored by the teachers at school.
  
  Mr. Li called out to him, "Hey, I just happened to run into a young man, come over here and help me move some stuff!"
  Wei Qian helped her collect the school's newly issued twenty pounds of rice and two barrels of oil, and carried them all the way to her office, where Teacher Li asked him smilingly, "Have you had breakfast yet?"
  Wei Qian paused and shook his head.
  
  Mr. Li pulled out a loaf of bread and a ham sausage from under the table and handed it to him, "You got up late in bed in the morning, right? Take it and eat it."
  Wei Qian smiled a little embarrassed and took it and thanked him.
  
  Teacher Li did not know his family situation, when the high school children are wearing uniforms, the boys in addition to some individual love clean, all are the same sloppy and unkempt, brand-name bags and stalls to buy a bag all stuffed full of see the original shape, and the girls want to eat a small potato chip bucket, shabu shabu to the table a poke is a pen holder.
  In those days, people were surprisingly equal to each other, and with a sweep of the surface, one couldn't tell which one was the mayor's son and which one was an orphan who had to work odd jobs to eke out a living.
  
  Only in the beginning of the school year when there is a family situation questionnaire, there are parents work unit column, Wei Qian stared at the space for a long time, the end of the fabricated write "individual" two words ......
  No one asked if he was a living or dead individual anyway.
  
  Teacher Li tiptoed up to pat his shoulder and instructed, "Go on, today's Monday, the flag-raising speech is ready, quickly go back and read it twice, don't forget the words in a while."
  
  Flag-raising speech by each class to send students to the stage is an old tradition of the school, Wei Qian on the podium before he couldn't help but straighten his back - it's not that he was nervous, but last night's melee when the back received a stick, get up in the morning to see, black and blue a piece of the strange pain.
  
  Wei Qian stood on the stage without a script, rolled his way through his speech full of dreams and melodrama, which was followed by the usual perfunctory and polite applause from all the yawning classmates.
  Weiqian laughed very softly before taking two steps back and yielding the microphone to the host.
  
  As he was about to step down, Wei Qian stood at last on the high podium and scanned the panorama of the campus--
  A row of yellow leaves are about to fall out of the ginkgo trees, four hundred meters of the standard sports field, red brick school building, those wearing uniforms, fewer students ...... and a few large cherry trees in front of the school building, it is said that it is a hybrid of the southern cherry tree and the local species, and in the spring of each year, the petals that floated down have a thick layer, which can be buried in the surface of the human The tops of the feet are buried, but unfortunately he entered school in the fall and did not have time to see.
  
  Wei Qian looked like he was trying to fit it all in his eyes, then he turned around and went down the stone steps to the podium without looking back.
  
  He made it back to class before everyone was dismissed, quickly packed up everything he had, grabbed his pre-written withdrawal form, and headed in the direction of the Registrar's Office.
  
  The director of instruction did not know the student's situation, but only routinely asked the reason, Wei Qian did not want to make himself look like a poor out-of-school child - it was useless to say so, the school might get him a bursary out of sympathy after a difficult turnaround, however, his main problem was not in the bursary, he needed more money, or more time to earn money to He needs more money, or more time to earn money to support his family.
  Why bring his fragile ego out for a crowd if you can't solve the problem?
  
  So Wei Qian, who had committed a middle-aged disease, just lightly explained that his family was moving out of town and could not continue to read here.
  
  Leaving the faculty office, he passed by the basketball court where the basketball gym specialists were practicing, a ball flew at him, he nimbly reached out to take it next, whistled and threw it back, the gym boys waved at him from a distance, "Thanks man!"
  
  Wei Qian smiled at him for a moment, but then his smile dried up and he stopped stopping, darting his head down to walk by.
  
  Wei Qian carried his heavy schoolbag to a rag collector not far away, dumped all the books and paper in the bag and sold it for one dollar and twenty cents, Wei Qian gathered another eighty cents, and bought a carnation with the two dollars, and slipped into Ms. Li's office while she was in class, and put the flower on her desk, and then he left the school with an empty bag on his back.
  
  He rode his bicycle home, selling breakfast hemp son of the mother and child two have not yet closed the stall, hemp son saw Wei Qian, surprised to ask: "Seven - yi - Qian child, you, how you back, back? Forget, forget, forget what east ......"
  
  Wei Qian got out of the car, threw his empty book bag behind him, and calmly interrupted, "No, Asako, I'm not going to read anymore."
  As if he hadn't reacted to what he meant for a moment, Asako repeated dully, "No, no, no, no more reading?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Well, I dropped out of school."
  
  Asako's reaction was always slow, probably really a little brain problem, Wei Qian sometimes wondered if it was not a slap in the face, he would not know the pain until a minute later.
  The brain-challenged pockmarked man stood frozen in place for more than half a minute, his face with big bumps stacked on top of small bumps reddened into a piece of red-hot iron carbon, his chest rose and fell violently, and after a few moments, his eyes suddenly filled with tears.
  
  Then Pocky lunged at him and shoved violently at Wei Qian's chest, and Wei Qian stumbled, and the bike fell to the ground, the wheels still spinning round and round.
  Asako opened his mouth, "ah ah ooo" yell a pass, the more anxious the more can not say, hold him a red neck, finally he could not bear it, pulling out his throat and cried out, the voice of the mournful, crying Za ear.
  Though he could not speak well, he had a good voice for howling.
  
  Wei Qian's chest was so clogged that it was about to explode.
  Maybe dropping out of school was no big deal in his long life, but for a teenager who had been studying hard and expecting it to make a difference, dropping out was as if the shaky sky he had been barely holding on to had collapsed.
  
  But the sky is falling, Wei Qian does not want to hug and cry with hemp on the main road, ugly.
  
  So Wei Qian just bent down and used the action of holding the car to hide the expression of sadness that flickered on his face, then he raised his head and squeezed out a smile full of concern, even to the point of appearing contemptuous, at Asako: ''What are you crying about? Fool, I'm not dead yet. If you quit school, then you quit school, aren't you all out? How big of a fart, as far as that goes?"
  Asako cried harder, hoarse and oblivious.
  
  Wei Qian finally said no more words, he carried an old canvas bag, stood with his hands hanging down two steps away from Asako, and watched his stupid brother wipe a tear with his hand.
  The bitter, dry, cold wind and salt-laden tears washed away the frozen slits in Asako's hands, revealing the young, blood-soaked flesh inside.
  
  This long winter began with the howling of a greaseball minion dogging it out.
  

------------

Reading in sections 7

 Wei Qian embarked on his career as a professional hooligan, and he became a little-known fighter under Le.
  
  Fourteen or fifteen years old half a big kid, just picked up, meat has not kept up with the bones long, face also still with childish, he gave Le brother to watch the field, every day silent, because and those three words do not leave the woman's big men really have nothing to say, fight but always more than the others to be ruthless, he seems to store in his heart an indescribable gas.
  
  Le brother was very disappointed at first, after all, his expectations of Wei Qian is very big, he originally thought of Wei Qian to the university, so that he went to study law or financial class, Le brother calculations, his business can not always see the light, he wants to be successful, the surface of the matter to be a person who will drill the legal loopholes, will be doing false accounting to take care of good, this person has to be clever, but also have to be completely trustworthy, non-Wei Qian is none other than.
  Le brother's chest had already lined up general outline his future grand blueprint to, each person what use is a pair of number, but he did not expect his own high hopes Weiqian even so rotten wall, high school to him to drop out of school not to read.
  
  For a while, Le had stopped paying attention to Wei Qian because it was useless.
  But he didn't expect that after a year of silence, this kid had made a name for himself.
  
  Wei Qian is after all a teenager, physical strength and real adults is not very good compared, so do this kind of "physical work" as a fighter is not very advantageous, Le also did not think highly of him, usually just let him on duty during the day - Le's entertainment venues, in fact, is a nightclub, although it is also open during the day, but it is just an ordinary eating place, the main event at night. Nightclub, although also open during the day, but just an ordinary place to eat, the night only have the main event.
  
  It's an industry consensus that those who do make trouble usually go at night.
  
  Who knows that the 36 lines, line out of rogues, and the real rogues in the line of work, there are bad practitioners, there are also reckless professional conduct of the generation - those people belong to another casino in the city, the boss of the rich and powerful, want to pick up this snake Le, but people are not in the local area, the whip can not be reached, and so sent his men to make arrangements.
  
  His men are a world of wonders, put together a person goatish, short of breath, stinking shameless and other characteristics, good for nothing to be rare.
  This person carefully thought for a while, think the night to go may not be able to do people, afraid to get in to come out, but do not dare to disobey the boss's orders, so ingenious in broad daylight to run to the nightclub to make trouble.
  
  The other party brought a dozen or so outwardly strong and powerful men to kick off the nightclub, which was sparsely staffed.
  
  During the daytime to watch the venue, either hired through proper channels of security, or Wei Qian such as Le as a vase posed by the half-grown children, pretending to look can be, hands visible can not be seen in the real chapter.
  These people who kicked in the pavilion looked like they were coming from a bad place, and no one dared to stop them from barging in.
  
  The leader, a butt to the hall, clearly is to make trouble, loud obscenities, molested the little girl serving dishes, wine bottles broken all over the place, the already small number of dinner guests scared to stand up to leave.
  The lobby manager frowned and whispered to the little brothers underneath him to call Le.
  
  As a result, the little brother has not yet had time to go, wearing the Casino uniform Wei Qian walked over expressionlessly, a troublemaker thought he was a small security guard to stop, a hand grabbed him by the collar, not the slightest bit of him in the eyes: "Call your boss to come, smart kids don't come out to be a gun ...... "
  Before he said the word "cannon fodder", he first abruptly changed his tone, and the man let go of Wei Qian with a scream, scrambling to let go of Wei Qian and retreating five or six steps backward in a row, his face showing fear.
  
  Only to see a large bloody gash in his chest, blood sprayed out like a fountain, people then realized that Wei Qian was carrying a kitchen machete for chopping bones.
  Wei Qian chopped people without mercy, a knife down, he did not even wipe his face, one hand carrying a machete, one hand picked up a broken half of the bottle, greetings do not fight, not even say, directly like killing his father and enemies to rush up to the physical combat.
  
  As the saying goes, "the rash is afraid of the horizontal, the horizontal is afraid of the life-threatening", these people avoid the peak of the evening crowd, pick the daytime clean time to come over to make trouble, visible originally is not what the horizontal.
  So a dozen or so people, on the spot by a do not want to life all dry over, with its shocking gold and jade table, bear bag which became this legend.
  
  When Le heard about this and brought his men in a hurry, the battle was already over, and he saw a field of blood and booze at the scene.
  Half of his body was drenched in blood, the teenager was left with a white undershirt, sitting on the couch, stretching out his arm for Sanfat, who had rushed in on the news, to dolefully clean the broken glass from his arm, his hand hanging unnaturally, and he didn't know whether it was dislocated or broken.
  However, as if he didn't know the pain, he didn't say a word, didn't even look at him, just lowered his head and smoked a cigarette with full concentration.
   


8. Chapter VIII 

  From dropping out of school to that one-to-many fight, a whole year, Wei Qian has been living a mechanical and day-to-day life, this life is like a piece of coarse sandpaper, a little bit of young jumping off the gas on his body like a dead skin to grind down.
  The door to the future in front of him slowly closed, time pushed him to run for his life, Wei Qian originally thought that such a day will be very painful, but later he found that once a person is in the "painful days", but the "pain" of the feelings of less sensitive, he He could still find some fun and enjoy it for a long time, and the year went by very quickly.
  
  One of them was made by Wei Zhiyuan.
  Xiao Yuan is not like Xiao Bao, Wei Qian said what he would listen to, generally do not have to bother with him more words, but did not expect to go to school this thing, this pup even learned to struggle.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was reluctant to go to school. He had lived in a deformed environment and knew a lot about survival-related things, but was shockingly lacking in the common sense that normal children should have. He had no concept of school. Xiaobao told him that going to school meant sitting in a classroom and learning how to read and count, and Wei Zhiyuan thought about it and decided that he had no interest in reading and counting either.
  The little boy stubbornly believes that going to school means doing nothing and being lazy and relying on his big brother to support him every day.
  
  It made him dread going to school--even though that fall, Wei Zhiyuan had been picked up by Wei Qian for a whole year, and had hung out with Xiaobao for ten mature years, and even often pinched and fought together, he still had the fear that he would be left behind at any moment.
  Wei Zhiyuan takes contributing to the family as a way to alleviate this fear, doing chores and collecting bottles to sell for spare change are the ways he contributes, when he is "deprived" of the opportunity to contribute, Wei Zhiyuan subconsciously feels that this is a precursor to his abandonment, and so begins his fierce resistance.
  
  Wei Qian every day busy as a dog, of course, will not be able to understand the children and teenagers that a little twisted little mind, he just in the morning of the school day, simple and rough Wei Zhiyuan and Song Xiaobao from home, despite Wei Zhiyuan's pounce back to lock the door, and then all the way to even drag and drop the two of them to the school.
  
  In the meantime, Wei Zhiyuan behaved like a cat with fried hair, being carried by Wei Qian together with a person and a schoolbag, his feet did not touch the ground, hanging in mid-air, scratching and then biting in the position of a dog paddle, causing passers-by to watch from time to time.
  When I went out, I met SanFat, who was happy to see him: "Yo, Qian'er, what are you doing? He struggled so much, did you finally decide to slaughter them for meat?"
  
  Wei Qian fiercely slapped Wei Zhiyuan on his ass, "Do you hear me, disgraceful thing, a pig to be slaughtered is more like you than you see death!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan blushed and declared, "I'm not going to school!"
  Song Xiaobao uproariously set up Yangzi, bouncing alongside, cheerfully saying in a learned tongue, "Then I don't go to school either!"
  
  Wei Qian was just about to speak when another declaration of freedom with a sobbing voice suddenly exploded around him, a little boy, who was also forcibly carried to school by his father, cried all the way to his liver and said sadly, "I don't want to go to school!"
  The boy mom followed closely with small broken steps, rambling on the side of the bear child ideological education, Wei Qian listened sideways for a while, and found that she talked from scientists to make a lot of money, and from the vision of the future to buy soy sauce elbow in the evening, astronomy, geography, up and down five thousand years, everything is not included.
  
  The teenager who was the elder brother couldn't agree with this kind of cumbersome education method, he took the simple route, and immediately sneered, turned his head and swept the two bear children with a noble and cold glance, and said coldly and ruthlessly, "Did I ask you two for your opinions? Did you two say 'no'?"
  A word out, threw the ground, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly did not say anything, Song Xiaobao was purely follow the trend, immediately also see good not to make trouble, even next to that has been coaxed bad bear child followed a huff, inexplicably do not dare to cry.
  
  Wei Qian put Wei Zhiyuan down at the entrance of the school, rushed to the elementary school with a lift of his chin, and said in an amnesty-like tone, "Go in."
  Song Xiaobao took two steps, looked back, realized Wei Zhiyuan was still in the same place, and hesitantly stood again.
  
  Wei Qian's patience completely ran out and sank his face to look at Xiao Yuan, "Against you, what do you want?"
  Wei Zhiyuan stalked his neck and didn't say anything, Wei Qian sneered, "Love to go or not, who still begs you, if you have the ability to roll ah."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan instinctively took a step back, he was not afraid of his big brother's anger, but he was afraid of his big brother's impersonal cynicism like this.
  Wei Qian was too lazy to spoil his problems and turned around.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan heart aggrieved, all along, he has been trying hard to get closer to this person a little bit, want to do more for this person a little bit more, but it seems that no matter how he is, the other party is unappreciative, the big brother is like a person he can never please, always give him such a turn away from the back, and even the smile is so rare.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suddenly pounced up and shone a bite on Wei Qian's wrist.
  
  Wei Qian instinctively retracted his hand a don't wrist, the teenager's abrupt and hard wrist bone knocked into the boy's incisors, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly loosened his mouth, Wei Qian looked down and saw the child spit out the first small milk teeth that fell out.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's expression at that time simply froze, no one ever told him about changing teeth, teeth were knocked out and knocked out he could understand, but he fell off himself, how he could not understand.
  In Wei Zhiyuan's perception, arms and legs could be cut off, and they wouldn't die if they were cut off, but would they fall off by themselves for no reason?
  Wei Zhiyuan stood there sullenly, staring blankly at his fallen incisors, a shocked and fearful expression on his face, as if he were one of those people in a TV show who had just heard that they had a terminal illness.
  
  Wei Qian managed to be entertained by his bizarre expression, his gloomy face nearly failing to tense up as he hurriedly turned around and walked away with a smile on his face, even forgetting to take into account the fact that the puppy had bitten him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan upset, but there is also the only chaos, Song Xiaobao, a comrade who is not enough to accomplish anything, see, in the side of the fussing yell: "Aigoo, your teeth fell out, I think it must be poisoned deeply, time is running out!"
  Wei Qian spent five dollars to acquire an old TV that someone else threw away and didn't want, and went home to fix it, Song Xiaobao is watching martial arts movies these days and learned a mouth full of bullshit lines.
  
  The speaker is unintentional, Wei Zhiyuan's face turned white when he heard her words, and instinctively raised his eyes to look for Wei Qian, only to find that the person had already left. For a moment, great desolation surged into Wei Zhiyuan's heart, his soul was lost, muddled, and he was pulled into the school by Song Xiaobao, thinking blankly, "I'm going to die."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan no longer struggled with Wei Qian about going to school - he was going to die, and all the struggles were meaningless.
  
  During that period of time Wei Zhiyuan dreamed in the middle of the night, often sitting up in a darkness, feeling his more and more active several other teeth, conscious that his life is not long to go, he suffered the torment and stabbing pain of life and death inside, almost greedily looking at Wei Qian's calm sleeping face, as if he wanted to imprint his big brother in his brain and take him to the next world.
  A month later, Wei Zhiyuan's teeth fell out of three, talking began to leak, he stopped talking, put on a silent posture of waiting for death.
  
  During this period, while other children had yet to learn Hanyu Pinyin, Wei Zhiyuan had already taught himself the common characters at the back of the textbooks with his extraordinary learning ability and unusual motivation - his motivation was to leave a suicide note before he died.
  For this suicide note, Wei Zhiyuan specially asked his teacher to teach him how to use the dictionary, and every day after class time and play time, he tried his best to recognize the words in the old dictionary lent to him by his teacher.
  
  Therefore, Wei Zhiyuan's mind was not distracted, thinking that there was no need for a dying man to make friends with his classmates, so he was indifferent to everyone, and rightly did not notice that there were hordes of little open teeth in the class who spoke in leaky language just like him.
  
  Finally, when the midterm exams were about to be held, Wei Zhiyuan recognized hundreds of Chinese characters with the perseverance of a "dying man" and got a perfect score in the language test.
  He was "not surprised" and didn't care about the teacher's praise at all, and finished his masterpiece - a suicide note - before his teeth fell out.
  
  On that day it happened that both Pocky and Sanfat were having dinner at Wei Qian's house, and Wei Zhiyuan solemnly handed over the suicide note to Wei Qian.
  
  The three fat people do not four six asked, "Yo, brother, just two months of school and will write love letters to your big brother ah?"
  Wei Qian took it with chopsticks in his mouth, unwrapped it in a couple of times and started reading it with interest, Wei Zhiyuan swept him a glance and lowered his head in a somber mood, "It's a suicide note."
  
  Three Fatty didn't hear, "What is it?"
  Wei Zhiyuan said calmly like a soldier about to die, "It's a suicide note, I'm about to die."
  
  Everyone gazed at him with an eerie look.
  
  In the middle of the day, Asako asked, "How, how did you ...... you, how did you tell that you were about to die?"
  Wei Zhiyuan felt a blockage in his throat, which made his voice sound breathless, "I've lost several teeth, and several others are active as well."
  
  The three fat faces full of horizontal meat twitched a bit, carefully asked, "Then you just ...... didn t feel that there were new teeth growing out of the place where the teeth had fallen out?"
  Wei Zhiyuan finally couldn't help but choke, "Isn't that a flashback?"
  
  The crowd was silent for two seconds, then Three Fatty and Wei Qian looked at each other and burst into a fit of laughter at the same time, the only one who was still generous was Asako, who barely managed to suppress it, "Pen--Yeh don't, don't laugh, you ...... don't --joke at him, he, he is still small ......"
  
  Wei Qian choked on his own saliva and rolled onto the sofa, coughing uncontrollably, coughing as he laughed, tears coming out of his eyes.
  
  Big brother in the family is always end, a meticulous smile of the parents, has never been in front of them so unrestrained laughter, Wei Zhiyuan almost frozen, for a time even the "parting of life and death" are forgotten.

------------

Reading in sections 8

  He didn't expect that the big brother, who was oblivious to any pleasing he could do, would be so amused by an ominous suicide note.
  So later Wei Zhiyuan do not know out of what idea, he secretly put the "suicide note" collection.
  
  Later, when Wei Qian became famous in Le's nightclub, both Xiao Bao and Xiao Yuan had already settled into the second grade.
  It is said that a lot of people on the spot on that day was Wei Qian was subdued, and at that time happened to be in the local a big man from the south of the Hu four masters also quite appreciated him, secretly asked people to pass him a business card, attempting to poach. Unfortunately, Wei Qian was dragging his family around and couldn't get away, so he had to reject Master Hu's good intentions.
  From then on, "Little Wei" became "Little Brother Wei".
  
  Wei Qian's arm is indeed a fracture, to the hospital to fix it, Le's attitude towards him again three hundred and sixty degree turnaround, very attentive to personally drive him home, and called the hemp, so that hemp to help take good care of it, the near future do not have to come to work, the wages as open.
  Asako also works under Lok in order to support his family - Asako is responsible for cleaning the nightclub every morning during the early hours of the day.
  He cleaned up diligently, but unfortunately not much success, if not because of Wei Qian's sake, Brother Le may not even remember him. On the contrary, the three fat, with the age, he began to and Le brother gang gradually estranged, even if still lotus roots, but also just remember the buddy righteousness, occasionally something when you can give a favor, support a hand.
  
  Three Fatty seems to be more passionate about the family craft of killing pigs and selling meat.
  
  Wei Qian dragged a broken arm back home to rest when the two cubs came back from school.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pounced over without even putting down his bag, "Brother!"
  Pocky was busy stopping him with one hand, "But, but ...... can't pounce on him, he ...... his armpits... ..."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan frowned tightly, "What happened to the arm?"
  Wei Qian held his cigarette and said vaguely, "The dog bit it."
  
  Song Xiaobao said heartlessly, "How can a dog bite be wrapped up like a dumpling?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's little face was taut, and he still wanted to ask questions, Wei Qian already obviously didn't want to say anything, he put on a serious expression, "Go do your homework, what's the point of wasting words? You guys stay out of the adults' business."
  That's all it took to get rid of the two kids without a word.
  
  Pocky looked at the reluctant Wei Zhiyuan, rubbed his hands together again, and turned his head to Wei Qian and said, "Late, evening Silk--San Brother will cook, cook for you, I, I still, I still have to go--go to the ......"
  Although Le generously let him off the hook, Pocky didn't dare to take it seriously.
  Pocky looked at Wei Qian with some embarrassment, stuttering and trying to explain to him. Pocky is such a solid-hearted person, he won't be able to sneak around if he's asked to, Wei Qian didn't know him on the first day and waved his hand, "Alright, I know, go ahead, you!"
  
  With difficulty, Asako commanded, "Pen-yea don't touch the water, little, careful ......"
  
  Wei Qian: "Come on, do me a favor and say less, your old man will save energy and I can live two more years."
  
  With Ma Zi gone and San Fatty cooking in the kitchen, Wei Qian was bored and casually picked up a copy of Xiao Bao's extracurricular reading material for them and read it.
  The reading material is handed out by the school and given to second graders, usually inspirational stories about heroes and such, and after reading it, they are asked to write a book report, and sometimes parents are asked to supervise and sign their homework.
  
  Wei Qian read a few, suddenly felt quite a bear bag, the story, people are either young for the motherland to throw their heads into the blood, or disabled, overcome all the difficulties still study every day, as if anyone's difficulties are bigger than his, but people can still be a role model.
  


9. Chapter IX 

  Wei Qian also read a lot of such inspirational stories when he was small, but have forgotten, probably emotional development is not very keep up with the average level, then read no feeling, until now only slightly touched.
  He casually told the two kids, "Your teacher is a bit of a class act, good choice of extra reading."
  
  Three Fatty, who was cooking, poked his head out of the kitchen and said over the sound of frying, "What did you say? Read it to me louder."
  Wei Qian then cleared his throat, intending to show the three fat to the voice of the flag-raising speech, the result is that he did not even have time to read out a word, Wei Zhiyuan that little cub on the side of the sudden brake said: "Brother, I do not want to go to school."
  
  He rehashed the old story, Wei Qian did not pay attention to him and did not take it seriously, because he, as a competent feudal parent, intends to carry out the honorable tradition of dictatorship/collectivism to the end, to go to school or not to go to school this kind of thing, it is not at all the turn of the little brat to express his own opinion.
  Wei Qian yelled at San Fat in the kitchen, "Let you also be educated, let me see which paragraph to start ...... Well, just this one - Ideal ...... "
  
  "Brother." Wei Zhiyuan walked over, squatted in front of Wei Qian, looked straight at him, and said again, "I don't want to go to school."
  Xiaobao, accustomed to adding to the chaos, hurriedly ran over upside down and said crisply, "Brother, he doesn't learn, beat him."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan frowned and righteously said to her, "Go aside, you're everywhere."
  "You're the one who gave me a side," Wei Qian casually took the extracurricular reading material and smacked Wei Zhiyuan on the head, slipping out a sentence in passing, "Say one more sentence and I'll break your legs."
  
  This sentence is a source, Wei Qian childhood, their class has a classmate, because of naughty and mischievous by the teacher to find the parents, classmates, his father is so in the boy's head hit, viciously said: "Truancy again I break your legs."
  The young Weiqian always felt that this statement was very paternalistic, and at that time he was still young and ignorant, so he wrote it on his excerpt notes, which resulted in a big cross from the teacher ......
  
  In short, he'd been longing to paraphrase that line to teach someone a lesson for once.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at his dangling arm with a complicated expression.
  He resisted going to school the first time because he simply did not know what it was for, but this time the little boy thought it over and spoke his mind with reason: "I don't want to go to school, it's good, but it takes years to go to school and costs a lot of money, I'd better go out with you to earn money, I can work, I can fight, and I can support myself as well as you. I can work, I can fight, I can support myself, and I can support you."
  
  Unfortunately, Wei Qian was a person who couldn't communicate, and Xiao Yuan's reasoned arguments fell on deaf ears.
  Wei Qian looked down at Wei Zhiyuan, think this little cub is not know the sky is high, he itchy hands, want to beat this little cub - Wei Qian thought, he went out every day with stars and moon, with the increasing pressure of competition in the industry, he has to always be ready to bleed and sweat with all the counterparts to fight the battle of wits and courage, the results of the little cubs, as if so technological The thing is a person can do as if, really his mother does not know when the family firewood and rice expensive, do not know others to support his hard work.
  
  But then, Wei Qian did not go down to his hand once he looked at his serious and sworn look that he would support himself.
  
  Little things ...... well at least have a conscience.
  
  So Wei Qian said to him perfunctorily: "Then you read well, the future of college graduation can not, master's degree doctoral also can not, you have to post-doctoral, post-doctoral, after calling others is 'knife Ket' Wei, you strive to get us a 'shear Ket' Wei. 'Wei, that is awesome."
  Wei Zhiyuan lowered his head, he had read a little, understood a little, and heard that his elder brother was teasing him, and this matter was obviously not negotiable.
  
  Song Xiao Bao, a bear of a child, smiled and came over, wagging his head and begging for a fight, saying, "Shear Kettle Wei, hey hey hey hey."
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Step aside, little girl."
  Song Xiaobao was not to be outdone, "I'm not a 'slice', I'm a 'drum'! You're a rutabaga-topped ball of goat dung!"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "...... ugly girl piece."
  
  Song screamed angrily, "Goat poop balls!"
  Wei Zhiyuan calmly replied, "Calling yourself yet."
  
  The two people then pinched to a piece, Wei Qian watched from the side, without the slightest intention of pulling the fight, can't wait for the two of them to pinch lively, watching children fight is also one of his entertainment, anyway, the fight is not bad.
  
  When I first came here, Wei Zhiyuan's eyes were very wild and untamed, and his character was always a bit duller than his peers, contrasting every day with Xiao Bao, who droned on and on at home expressing his own unproductive opinions; at that time, at first glance, Wei Zhiyuan looked like he'd stuffed a big adolescent child into the body of a little one, and he always felt that the person didn't match the mold.
  
  However, in the last six months, he has become more and more "small", and his behavior and speech have also become childish.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan choked with Xiao Bao while glancing at Wei Qian with his afterglow, realizing that his big brother with one arm dangling was happily spectating the battle between the two of them, and only then did he continue rubbing Song Xiao Bao's fire with a few performative qualities.
  Since the last time he made a joke about changing his teeth, Wei Zhiyuan had inadvertently found a way to please his big brother - that is, to pull his IQ to the same height as Song Xiaobao's, and from time to time to do something ludicrously stupid with her.
  The more childish and lackadaisical they both acted, the more casual and less pretentious Big Brother would be.
  
  So Wei Zhiyuan walked more and more toward this path.
  His natural qualifications would have allowed him to grow up to be a dazzling person, however, he took a douchey path, life encounters, it's really elusive.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's affection for Wei Qian and this family is very passionate. He is different from other children, other children are born with a family, Wei Zhiyuan did not, he took the "family" as a business to run.
  
  As long as he could stay and stay in the house, not to mention just play dumb and make him fight for his life.
  
  Xiao Yuan always remembers that one day, he was freezing cold at school during the day, always cold, and after falling asleep he unconsciously burrowed into Wei Qian's arms, nestled in those warm arms, and slept until the next day.
  Early in the morning, the boy woke up, lying there half a day did not want to move place, his eyes wide open looked up at the side of the sleeping teenager's face, suddenly and silently in his own heart called a "brother".
  
  Big brother is naturally inaudible, but Wei Zhiyuan has called in his heart like this.
  
  Xiao Yuan and Xiao Bao this lively and colorful war was finally ended by the three fat, three fat one hand, like carrying a puppy, the two pups ripped apart: "Aigoo little ancestors, this is to make a fuss in the Palace of Heaven ah? Let's first truce ah, after eating the gun and then war, not in a hurry!"
  Three fat eggs fried rice out of the kitchen, served in a small pot, did not take a bowl, carried four spoons, one for each person, around a pot of rice to eat.
  
  Three fat this goods good for teachers, than the Tang Monk also nagging, rice can not plug his sausage mouth, he ate while educating the children: "Children have to have ideals, can not be all day long with a big belly grasshopper like, endless strangulation, your brother he is a two hundred and five, and do not care about it ...... "
  Wei Qian was innocently affected, just wanted to clean up this fat man a meal, so that he knows know how many eyes of the horse king, but he did not have time to open his mouth, the two pups on the same enemy yelled at the three fat: "Do not say my brother!"
  
  Triple Fat: "......"
  Wei Qian gave one person a piece of ham sausage: "Good job, eat more."
  
  Three fat big cake face twisted for a while, on the basis of thick skin, barely carried on the topic of the party: "Okay, do not mention your brother - you see, in the school learned so much about the ideals of the text, with the third brother read about, what are your ideals ah?"
  
  Po said, "I want to be a singer."
  Wei Zhiyuan said plainly, "Earn money and support my brother."
  Po gave him a look and added, "I'm going to make a lot of money when I become a singer and support my brother."
  
  Three fat like a lewd child abductor ...... no, like a great educator, assiduously said to Wei Zhiyuan, "Look, Xiaobao this ideal is more goal-oriented, then how about you, Xiaoyuan, you have to support your brother, how should you earn money?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said without lifting his eyelids, "I can watch the venue, sell the disk, do the license, and pull out a share ......"
  San Fatty was instantly pained and turned to Wei Qian and said, "Jian'er, I think this child of yours is hopeless."
  
  Wei Qian looked at the serious Wei Zhiyuan, his eyes fell on his puffed up cheeks, and suddenly he quite wanted to laugh, so he laughed, and in the meantime, he succinctly and concisely pointed out a clear path to Sanfat: "Get lost!"
  
  As soon as he smiled, Wei Zhiyuan felt that his day and night of spilling his guts was worth it, so he stopped saying anything, saved his strength, and ferociously lowered his head to pick up his meal.
  Wei Zhiyuan ate in a very ferocious manner, as if he wanted to turn every grain of rice into his bones and meat.
  
  In fact, Wei Qian also has an ideal, his original ideal, is to be a scientist, wearing a white coat in the laboratory around, record all kinds of data, write a paper, play the material, research something, every day to eat but also research, sleep but also research, in addition to the research of the things, nothing to the heart, food and clothing do not worry.
  Of course, Wei Qian understands in his heart, right now this ideal has become a fantasy, so he did not mention it to others, pretending that he was born to be the root of the society of the old man, never stupid.
  
  Three Fatty made the meal, and after eating he was also responsible for brushing the dishes, he washed while whining, "Alas, your third brother is owed your money in a previous life, this life to you as a child bride ...... "
  These words happened to be heard by Wei Zhiyuan, who was passing by, and Wei Zhiyuan rolled up his sleeves without saying a word: "Third Brother, I'll wash it."
  
  Three Fatty waved his hand in tears, "There are still those who grabbed to be child brides, you'd better go watch cartoons with Xiaobao quickly."
  Wei Zhiyuan looked up to consult Wei Qian, who nodded at him with a centimeter up and down, "Go on, don't trip here."
  
  After dismissing the child, San Fatty opened his mouth and said to Wei Qian, who was leaning against the kitchen doorframe, "Does that arm of yours hurt anymore?"
  Wei Qian lit a cigarette, "Not bad, a little."
  
  Three Fatty did not talk poorly with him, and after a moment of silence, Three Fatty asked him in a rare and serious manner, "What do you want to do? Keep going like this?"
  Wei Qian had long since seen that he was holding back some words and didn't say anything, waiting for him to speak.
  
  Three fat than him and hemp are a little older, has almost twenty years old, think more than his two little brother: "I say so you do not like to hear, Le brother - Le Xiaodong that person, is not what good, you follow him to mix, can have what good end? Even if you go to the construction site brick, selling strength, Le Xiaodong gave that two dollars, is to let you sell your life."
  It was a while before Wei Qian asked back, "What can I do to go?"
  
  "Why can't we eat?"
  
  Wei Qian leaned against the doorframe, thinking blankly for a moment, looking down at his hands wrapped like dumplings, feeling the inside through the
------------

Reading in sections 9

came the silken drill of pain and whispered, "I can't do anything."
  
  "You work or do small business," three fat, said after a pause, "the big thing is that you follow the third brother, we drive to pull cooked food, is not also a livelihood?"
  Wei Qian laughed softly and didn't say anything.
  
  "As long as you nod, go back and I will talk ...... to my father" Three fat said this, suddenly if feeling back down, he realized that Wei Qian is no longer there, so nonviolent and uncooperative walk away from people do not listen.
  
  Three Fatty stopped his mouth, angrily flung a handful of water on his hand, and said angrily, "Grandson, sooner or later there will be the day you regret it!"
  
  Three fat with him is playing small friendship, always will not harm him, Wei Qian heart know, he said the words are reasonable.
  He has been in the Casino for more than a year, and has gradually let go of his blind worship of Le, and what kind of business he is doing, Wei Qian also knows more or less a little.
  Wei Qian sometimes wondered why others, no matter how hard it was, could walk a righteous path, only he himself was such a coward.
  
  Is it his willingness to be a rogue?
  Even though he was a jerk, he knew better; he had been a good student in school for so many years, not to drop out and become a hooligan.
  
  Is it for the money?
  Yes, Wei Qian admitted that Le gave him more money, but Sanfan is right, he is selling his life, the money is twice as much as it is not worth it.
  
  Is that a fear of suffering?
  Probably not, it's not a good comparison between the pain of big blisters and sunburned skin on slate hands, or the pain of having your arm broken alive with a stick.
  
  What was that for?
  Wei Qian asked himself this countless times, and then he realized that it was probably still his little bit of pride that was killing him.
  
  He was destined to be inferior from the moment he was born into this world and his first cry, so when he grew up a little bit and had a little bit of a choice, he was deathly unwilling to lower his head again - even if it was as fiercely as it is now, in a way that makes everyone fear and loathe him.
  
  It's better to have everyone else fear him than despise him.
  
  

10. Chapter X 

  Le asked Wei Qian to work the daytime shift first, and then move to nighttime when his arm was out of the cast.
  The night shift in the nightclub is very well paid, two sets of people work in shifts, a shift is only four hours, but the money is triple that of the daytime, which means that he can make a very generous life for his family with only a four-hour shift every day - of course, the one who gets the high salary is the hitman, not the kind of bitter cleaning boy like Asako.
  
  With Wei Qian's seniority, originally could not work on this glorious night shift, Le in order to show closeness, personally and the manager commanded, the promotion.
  Pocky envy, but Wei Qian is not much joy, smoking instead more fierce.
  
  The future was menacing and confusing, and even if Wei Qian was a money grubber, it would be hard for him to express joy over those extra earnings.
  
  This day, Song Xiaobao and Wei Zhiyuan home from school, Wei Qian put a more than two pounds of small watermelon cut in half, so that the two of them a person and a half with a spoon to dig and eat, eat and finish writing homework to go.
  
  Song Xiaobao sat cross-legged on the sofa, eating watermelon soup with his mouth full of watermelon soup, and said excitedly as he ate, "Brother, Sister Niu Niu is dead."
  Wei Qian froze, "Who?"
  
  "Niu Niu sister, so high, face has two small nests, eyes are like this, comb ...... such hair, in front of the small bungalow over there to live ......" Song Xiaobao describes the eyes on reaching out to prop open Their eyes, described to the hair to pull their own hair, a speech to say the hands and feet, all body language, see her first grade language is a reason for failure.
  
  Wei Qian leaned back and avoided her a little farther, "You give me a good seat, speak properly, spray me in the face - dead? How did you die?"
  
  "Die like this." Song Xiaobao finished, rolling his eyes in place and holding her half of the watermelon to the side, a line of watermelon juice dribbled out of the corner of her mouth in response.
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Although his little sister is still young, there is a kind of extraordinary mimicry ability that pierces through the phenomenon to the essence. For the first time, Wei Qian felt that it was a pity that this girl was not good looking, or else when she grew up, she might be able to become an actress.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan calmly added from the side, "Died from eating rat poison."
  
  Song Xiaobao revived from his death state and busily asked, "How did you know?"
  Wei Zhiyuan said calmly like a person who has seen the world, "She is foaming at the mouth, her face is that color, she must have died from eating rat poison, I have seen it before."
  
  Song Xiaobao said adoringly, "How come you've seen everything? Is rat poison delicious?"
  Wei Zhiyuan's eyebrows jumped at the tip of her eyebrows at her stupid beyond expectation question, after three seconds, he decided to go along with this stupid person with insufficient brain blood supply, so he said in a serious and proper tone, "It's not bad, it's not bad, the flowery ones, the red ones are watermelon flavored, the green ones are apple flavored, and the rats love them all."
  
  Song blearily said, "Crispy?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Crisp."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was a child after all, Wei Qian could actually see that he sometimes deliberately acted stupid, but Wei Qian had always thought that Xiaoyuan was trying to please Xiaobao, and hadn't thought about himself.
  ...... After all, he's been cared for so little in his life that even he neglects himself.
  
  Originally, Wei Qian had heard this matter, because in the end, he did not remember what "Niu Niu" was through Xiaobao's narration. But this thing he ignored did not pass, evening, three fat and hemp together bought vegetables, to his home to cook, serving food, three fat deliberately dissatisfied kicked Weiqian: "I come to serve you as a master, right? Don't sit there and wait to eat, isn't there another hand? Get the chopsticks and bowls!"
  Wei Qian raised his voice, "Asako!"
  
  Pocky agreed sharply and was about to go to work for him, but was scared back by Sanfat's glare.
  
  "Pocky," Wei Qian slowly stood up and commented pertinently, "Your old man is a real wimp!"
  Pocky was not ashamed but honored, and said beautifully, "Yes!"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Wei Qian wandered into the kitchen, toes picking open the cupboards, and lazily glanced into the hut, where the two little brats had finally subsided, one occupying a corner of the table, writing their homework in pairs.
  Wei Qian was suddenly in an uncontrollably good mood, feeling that the house looked like a home with such two little wheezing things in it.
  
  "Qian'er," at this time, SanFat suddenly spoke up and said, "In the next two days, keep an eye on our sister Xiaobao, and don't let her go out and run around after school."
  Wei Qian casually responded, "What's wrong?"
  
  Three Fatty said, "You know about Nuno, don't you?"
  Wei Qian: "Huh?"
  "Living in front, the one with pigtails, a year older than Xiaobao." Three fat to the two small house glanced, lowered his voice to Wei Qian's ear, said, "That girl is not this afternoon, own eat rats medicine death."
  
  Wei Qian lazy to listen to these other people s family shit, his own shit are not considered over it, so impatiently looked at the three fat: "I see you are idle egg pain it fat, all day long is not matchmaking and pulling fiber is three rats and four eyes of the shit, you ......"
  
  With a stony expression, Three Fatty slapped him nonchalantly on his injured arm, "Keep your fucking voice down!"
  
  "Hiss ...... fuck me/you ......"
  
  Three fat said seriously: "You listen to me! That little girl was spoiled, the child was timid, a few days past she did not dare to tell adults, these two days of heat, I heard that the last pus underneath, I do not know how much suffering, and then did not dare to say, yesterday did not think of a moment to open up, they ate rats to commit suicide - you on your sister to pay attention to the line?"
  
  Wei Qian frowned at him, "Bullshit ......"
  "Who's bullshitting you? Who's talking shit about this? People are dead! Am I that unethical?" Three Fatty glared at him, "I'm fucking serious, keep an eye on our sister these two days, do you hear me?"
  
  Weiqian reached out and gestured at his waist: "That little kid has thin arms and legs, isn't it just a chopstick when you poke it there? What's so great about that? Who is it? Is he sick?"
  "Can't talk to you ya unenlightened grandson, every day you just know money, you know fighting, what else do you know?" Three Fatty impatiently waved his hand, "Some people just can't get a hard-on for normal women, there are those who like those kind of kids who haven't grown up, and there are those who like men - Nyonya's mom is about to cry like a psychopath, yelling to call the police, and is now locked up at home by her grandmother. "
  
  Hearing the word "man", Wei Qian frowned with discomfort and asked, "Why don't you let the police know that her grandmother is demented in her old age?"
  "The old lady brain does not turn, she felt that if this matter reported to the police to spread out, their family can not raise their heads to do people. Alas, in short ...... "Three fat said this, suddenly stopped his mouth, because he looked up, is seeing Wei Zhiyuan do not know when lying on the side of the kitchen door, also do not know how much he heard.
  
  Three fat gave a fright: "Aigoo this unlucky child, how to walk are not moving, with the weasel like!"
  
  Weasel Wei Zhiyuan's face was impassive, as if he hadn't heard the two of them, puffing out his chest and saying, "I'll help my brother carry the plates."
  "Hey, this little weasel, is quite filial!" Three Fatty's bushel-like slap glued itself to the back of Wei Zhiyuan's head, almost wrapping his little head in, and hastily pushed it towards his back, "Hurry up and go."
  
  When he finished speaking, he and Wei Qian exchanged glances, and the two of them coincidentally stopped what they were talking about.
  
  For several days afterward, Wei Qian picked up and dropped off the two children at school.
  With a small, defeated school that starts too late in the morning and finishes too early in the evening, Weiqian has a very difficult time matching their schedule.
  
  The morning can barely make do, the afternoon after school at that time is especially bad, more than three o'clock, Weiqian from work is still early, he had to drag an arm in a plaster cast to run both ways, every day as fast as possible to rush to the small school, rushed to the two pups to get home, a person to buy a 50 cents "double stick popsicle", and then lock them both at home, and then rush! Then I locked them in the house and ran back to the house as fast as I could to get reincarnated.
  
  Literally, he really ran with his legs, Wei Qian because to transfer to the night shift side, there were a lot of people secretly look at him in the eye, he was afraid of delaying too long, to give others the opportunity to talk about, but also do not want to give up that little car money.
  He thus lived to develop a pair of flying legs to catch up with the bus.
  
  Song Xiaobao that heartless does not know the heartache of her brother, on this life is quite satisfied, because every day there is one and a half of the "double stick" to eat ...... more than half from Wei Zhiyuan, Wei Zhiyuan will usually break the double stick, eat half of their own first, the remaining half most of the time is cheaper to Xiaobao. The remaining half of the stick will be cheaper for Xiaobao most of the time.
  Good for nothing - he'd completely figured out this little sister's pissy behavior and gotten very good at dealing with her.
  
  So the donkey pulled the mill like back and forth for ten days, when Wei Qian went to the hospital for a review, on the spot by the doctor split his head and scolded, put forward a serious warning: "If you want to do this again, you'll be waiting to grow a mountainous eighteen bends in the arm!"
  Wei Qian feel quite some loss of face, because the hemp son with two small things waiting outside, this big two small a water has not seen the world, Wei Qian feel in front of them to be lectured is very loss of face, their own big brother's authority has been undermined.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't say a word, feeling as if he had been knocked in the heart, aching and sore.
  A certain manly protectiveness grew in him, while the body remained young and awkward.
  The contradiction between the growing desire for a strong heart and the limited physiological condition of a child constitutes Wei Zhiyuan's main psychological contradiction before puberty.
  
  In the middle of the night that day, Wei Qian heard the kitchen ping pong messy thoughts, he reached out and touched, next to the boy did not know when to get up, Wei Qian rubbed his eyes and cursed low, walked into the kitchen, raised his hand to pull open the kitchen light, while raising his hand to block the blinding light, while impatiently said, "The middle of the night do not sleep, what are you blindly tossing and turning?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was dragging a long steel pipe, innocently looking up at him.
  
  The half of the kitchen attached to the balcony is usually used for cooking, and the other half is used to pile up all kinds of sundries, and there is no lack of all kinds of murderous weapons that Wei Qian casually threw in there.
  Wei Zhiyuan then dragged out a scrap steel pipe from this pile of debris, he purposely picked a shorter one this time, while he had his hands, he wouldn't be dragging them on the ground in disgrace like last time, and he would feel very powerful when holding a weapon in his hands.
  
  Wei Qian froze, "What are you doing with it?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan glanced at his arm with a new bandage, straightened his chest and said, "I'll take it to school, you don't have to come tomorrow, I'll bring Xiao Bao back, when I get home I'll watch that she doesn't run around, and I'll unlock the door."
  
  He said this with a certain matter-of-fact attitude, as if he were a little adult who could carry things.
  
  Wei Qian felt the heart of the strange nest panic, this picked up the boy is not a white-eyed wolf, understand, know the heartache, but on the face, Wei Qian is still not polite frowned, a hand Wei Zhiyuan pick up, open the faucet to his little dirty hands rushed: "You can still patient - wash your hands, give me an honest sleep to go to bed, and then toss me beat you! Honestly go to bed, toss and turn again I'll beat you up!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan obediently did not argue, big brother's expression although stinks, words are not good, but Wei Zhiyuan does not care, but rather love to listen, he is a child who has suffered from real abuse, to distinguish that kind of real malice, which is just a different form of concern.
  
  But although Wei Zhiyuan was silent at the time, the next day when Wei Qian wasn't paying attention, he still stuffed that water pipe into his school bag.
  In the afternoon when Wei Qian ran to pick up the people at his usual time, he was halfway there when he saw Xiaoyuan heading in the direction of his home with Xiao Bao.
  The boys had the audacity to go home on their own without waiting for him.
  
  Because they were on the opposite side of the road, the two of them didn't see Wei Qian, and Wei Qian didn't go over, but just followed far behind.
  Though well nourished and grown up a bit, the little boy was only two fingers taller than the little girl, yet he was like a strong protector, with a serious expression, pulling his sister with one hand, holding up a dirty steel pipe with the other, and making the little walk home as righteous as breaking through the Heavenly Gate.
  
  Wei Qian some laughter, he all the way to see the two children to the home, Wei Zhiyuan very serious to let Xiaobao in the house first, and then he was like an underground worker holding up that ridiculous steel pipe, poked his head out of the home near the careful reconnaissance of a number of, failed to detect the enemy, but found that his brother is hanging his arms, stood in the no
------------

Reading in sections 10

Watching him from the far side of the wall.
  Wei Zhiyuan froze, and then, he saw that not only did Wei Qian not get angry at him for trespassing, he instead smiled at him.
  
  Wei Qian raised that characteristic, extremely lean chin of a teenager and nodded at Wei Zhiyuan, signaling him to lock the door.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan obediently turned around and went into the house, unlocked the door, climbed onto the bed, peeled back the curtains, and lay down on the window, watched Wei Qian light a cigarette and finish it in silence, sort of resting his feet, and turned around and walked away with a quick step.
  
  "Brother hasn't even taken a sip of water yet." Wei Zhiyuan thought so.
  That night, when Wei Qian went home he was surprised to find that in the enamel cylinder on the table, someone had cooled a cup of white water for him, and when he reached out and touched it, it was not too cold and not too hot, and the temperature was just right.
  
  The following week was spent like this, with Wei Zhiyuan taking Xiao Bao from school alone, and then Wei Qian adorning the two of them from afar, watching them arrive home and lock the door before leaving.
  
  Finally, it had been a little over a month since Niu Niu's incident, there hadn't been any other untoward incidents in the neighborhood, and Wei Zhiyuan seemed very dependable, so Wei Qian decided to stop picking up and dropping off the two of them, and the three of them each resumed their own lives on track again.
  
  And it turned out to be a real problem.
  


11. CHAPTER XI 

  Wei Qian got up late in the morning that day, he had had vague dreams off and on all night the first night, the content of which he couldn't remember as soon as he opened his eyes, but it certainly wasn't very pleasant, and he didn't get up until he was up, with his chest pressed against his chest.
  
  He sat on the edge of the bed for two seconds, suddenly remembered that the two cubs still have to go to school, and breakfast is not yet ready, hurriedly climbed up, who knew that he went to the kitchen to see, found Wei Zhiyuan is in a serious face with a big spoon stirring the frozen dumplings in the pot of boiling water.
  
  Wei Qian leaned against the kitchen door and asked softly, "Why didn't you call out to me?"
  Wei Zhiyuan bared his teeth back at him, revealing two small white tiger teeth that were delightful.
  
  Wei Qian touched him on the head and turned to go into the bathroom, where he rubbed his eyes hard - his eyelids were fluttering one after the other without knowing what was going on.
  When he finished washing his face, Wei Qian remembered that this morning he had originally wanted to ask Asako to fry a few doughnuts for him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan meticulously finished cooking a pot of dumplings like a chemistry experiment, and the three of them had just sat down at the dining table when, suddenly, there was a loud bang downstairs as if something had fallen over, followed by a scream so sharp that it scraped his ears, followed by chaos.
  Wei Qian pushed open the window with his bowl and glanced down, then he jumped up as if his butt was on fire, and without caring about his meal, he grabbed his wallet and ran downstairs.
  
  There was only time for a hasty instruction, "You two go to school by yourselves, and be slow on your way."
  
  Not a few minutes, upstairs three fat also followed down, at this time downstairs has been surrounded by a circle of people.
  The accident was at Asako and his family's breakfast stand.
  
  Asako got off work in the early hours of the morning, helped his mom set up the breakfast stand, fried doughnuts and sold soymilk, and didn't close until about nine-thirty.
  The breakfast stand is an open-air one, with a few simple tables and chairs, a soybean milk bucket and a frying pan.
  
  The cause is a cab drove over, this road usually do not go by car, because it is too narrow, a car can come in almost take up the whole road, the driver did not know is lost or how to mistakenly broke in, just when the cab carefully drive forward, the intersection there suddenly turned in a motorized three-wheeled.
  The owner of the electric tricycle was in a hurry, driving fast, turning over only to realize that there was a car in front of him, and then it was too late to brake.
  
  The owner of the electric tricycle instinctively twisted the handlebars, the car by inertia rushed up to the curb, without buffer hit the stall holding a frying pan, Ma Zi mother just behind the frying pan frying doughnuts, a pot of boiling hot oil dumped down, the whole splashed on her, even the frying pan and then the person, by the three-wheeled car could not stop arching out of the more than a meter away.
  
  Wei Qian violently dialed the crowd to squeeze in, simply even the scalp is fried up, because it is hot, hemp mother only wore a very thin short sleeves and seven pants, a large area of exposed skin was hot oil a hot, instantly can not see.
  
  For a moment, Wei Qian felt that she was all cooked up.
  The air even gave off some sort of weird meaty aroma.
  
  Pocky's entire body was dumbfounded, his eyes were so wide open that they were about to come out of their sockets, and he straightened his eyebrows and didn't move a muscle next to him, as if he had become a statue.
  Wei Qian slapped him in the face and yelled into Pocky's ear, "What the fuck are you looking at! Huh? Your mom is cooked, why don't you go call an ambulance!"
  
  He turned to the man next to him and growled, "Car! Move that tricycle!"
  
  A few passersby busy stood out, seven hands and feet to move the tricycle that caused the accident, the tricycle owner saw the situation is not good, instinctively want to slip, was Wei Qian a hand dragged back, a kick on the knee nest, hard to be accustomed to the ground.
  
  Three Fatty shouted from behind, "Qian'er! Leave that grandson alone, I'm calling the police, handing it over to the police/cops, the fucking pot is stuck to the meat, what should we do?"
  
  Wei Qian turned around and shouted at him, "How should I know!"
  
  Finally, it is three fat parents with a large bath tub received a basin of cool water to carry over, carefully splashed on the boiling hot frying pan, I do not know whether the treatment is right or wrong, and then the ambulance and the police car arrived, the hemp mother pulled away to rescue.
  
  Wei Qian also do not know why he realized that once the accident, the instinctive reaction is to pick up the wallet to rush down, probably at this moment he has the instinct to become a money string, subconsciously feel that the only way to feel safe is to bring money.
  But it is also fortunate that this is the case, hemp that idiot all over the body is only twelve dollars five, dumb and stupid, do not know anything, Wei Qian followed in the past, as a one-armed warrior, up and down the run up and down a scorching.
  
  It was almost noon when Three Fatty and a police/cop came by, bringing two other parties to the accident.
  
  To say is also unlucky, these two people, a taxi driver, a grocery vendor, the driver's face as gray as death, the vendor also do not know whether it is not by Wei Qian kick, legs always shivering, standing still are two war, shaking, like a piece of wind in the floating leaves.
  
  Traffic accidents, the solution is to money, hemp mother if dead is still good, in case she survived, this kind of severe burns, the future may be a situation, may also be responsible for a lifetime.
  And hell, neither one of those two happened to have any money.
  
  But in the hallway of the hospital, in front of several pairs of silent eyes, as if they wanted to skin them, such words as "I hope the person who is being rescued is dead" could not be said in any way.
  Huge fear and overwhelmed by no outlet, riding a tricycle peddler suddenly "plop" on the ground, kneeling down, heart-breaking cry.
  
  The accompanying police/cops asked Sanfat, "What are you with them?"
  Triple Fat: "Neighbors."
  
  The police officer said, "Oh," and asked, "The child is her son, isn't he? Who else is in the woman's family? Where's her man?"
  Triple Fatty: "When you die, you're orphaned and widowed."
  
  Police / police quite moved, but the situation, he did not know what to publish what feelings, but also do not know what advice to give, for a while, only sighed: "It's not good, there is no money, the party responsible for the accident is certainly unable to bear the compensation, you ah ...... alas, or let the family to be prepared for it. "
  Three Fatty raised his eyes and asked blankly, "What about ...... not losing money?"
  
  The police/inspector thought for a moment, "The family can sue - but I'll be honest with you, save your breath, it's no use suing, this kind of thing the court will most likely sentence the at-fault party to pay for damages, but there's no difference between judging or not judging, can't afford to pay for damages as usual."
  
  As if to corroborate his words, the kneeling hawker suddenly kowtowed on the ground with great force, knocking the floor trembled, completely to head for death, his mouth shouted indistinctly: "You let me pay for her life ...... I still have a sick mother-in-law at home, and the child is only five years old! ...... What can I do? I have no way, please, please, please ...... let me pay for her life!"
  
  Pocky, who had been silent, suddenly rushed up and punched and kicked at the man like a madman, the crowd rushed up to stop him, Wei Qian strained to hold his waist with one arm, "Alright, alright, what's the use of beating him to death?"
  
  A hoarse roar erupted from Asako's throat, like a wounded beast roaring out its entire body.
  And then he suddenly stumbled a few steps as if his whole body was dislodged, and slid down with his back against the wall, covering his face, his shoulders shaking violently.
  
  The victim is still being resuscitated, life or death unknown, and the perpetrator and the victim's family are outside facing each other and crying.
  
  Accompanying the police / police probably is a young man who has just been on the job not long, face childish yet, not yet able to get used to the inexorable life and death of the earth, on the way out, he rummaged through the whole body, but also failed to rummage out what is worth money, and had to be quite self-deprecating to the three fat, said: "I am also a poor ah."
  Then he drew out his papers and cards and left his wallet, which contained a total of two hundred and thirty dollars in bills and a handful of dimes.
  
  Wei Qian and San Fatty accompanied Asako in the hospital all day, and in the evening, Wei Qian's eyelids inexplicably began to beat wildly again.
  He said hello to Three Fatty, went out for a breath of fresh air, finished a cigarette, figured it was about time and the two kids were already home, and used the IC phone in front of the hospital to dial the home number.
  
  Cell phones were already sold on the market by then, not something that people like them could afford, but home landline phones went off the charts and became cheaper with the introduction of cell phones to the market.
  Nonetheless, Wei Qian's home phone number was only known to Le and a few of his best buddies, and the Wei family had set a family rule that the phone was strictly forbidden to be abused - there was a charge for the phone bill.
  
  The phone went through, no one answered.
  
  Wei Qian frowned, hung up the phone, waited for a while, dialed again, and still no one answered.
  When no one answered the phone for the third time, Wei Qian's heart was already beating wildly, and behind him a person waiting in line to make a phone call impatiently opened his mouth to urge him, "Hey, young man, have you finished your phone call yet? So many people are waiting!"
  
  Wei Qian looked up at him with a murderous look, and the other party instantly didn't dare to squeak, cursed and muttered twice, and turned his head to look for other payphones.
  
  Wei Qian did not die, and called the phone a few more times, over and over again no one answered, the tips of his fingers were so cold that they were numb.
  
  "Qian'er, what's wrong?" Seeing that he hadn't returned for a long time, San Fat came out to look for him.
  
  Wei Qian barely calmed down, licked his dry lips, forced himself to lower his voice and slowed down his speech, "I ...... don't know, no one answered the home phone, those two little brats ......"
  
  He couldn't go on, realizing that he was probably going to start yelling if he said any more.
  
  Three Fatty pushed on his shoulder, "You go back first, I'll keep an eye on it here, I'll find you a few more people to help - the two cubs might not be in charge of where to play today, don't worry about it."
  
  Wei Qian spread his legs and ran.
  
  Three Fatty froze, "Slow the fuck down and watch the car!"
  
  Three fat feeling that he has been considered to be from a poor background, however, in his life he has seen people, like Wei Qian and hemp as unlucky as the child is really unique, especially Wei Qian, the boy lived to this age, as if there have not been a few days of comfortable days, either in the worry, is in the worry, three fat is always worrying about the thought of sooner or later, one day, he has to be alive to fuck / death.
  
  This is a blessing and a curse.
  
  Wei Qian ran furiously all the way home until he saw from a distance that one of Sanfat's brothers, Leizi, was squatting in the doorway, probably called by Sanfat to help.
  
  Seeing that Lei Zi was squatting down to talk to Song Xiaobao, Wei Qian only stopped, at this time, his back heart had already let the sweat soaked through, he bent down, one hand propped up on his knee, panting heavily for a while, a drop of sweat fell on his forehead, penetrated down from the thick eyelash slit, did not fall into the eye, flowed down along the edge of the eyelash, it was almost as if he had cried.
  
  Wei Qian wiped a handful of sweat from his forehead before he walked over in big strides with a composed face.
  
  He first greeted Lei Zi and said thank you, then anxiously caught Song Xiaobao's shoulder with one hand and rudely pulled her to the front, swept up and down and saw that she didn't even scrape a piece of her skin except for a little bit of redness in her eyes, which only slightly put down his heart, while his face was still ferocious and interrogated Xiaobao like a prisoner: ''What's going on? Why don't you answer the phone? Why don't you come home? Where's Xiao Yuan?"
  
  Xiao Bao's mouth was deflated, but he could see his relatives, blinking his eyes and about to cry.
  
  Before she could cry out, she was stopped by Wei Qian's voice: "No crying! Where's Xiao Yuan?"
  Bao held back his tears stiffly.
  


12. Chapter XII 

  Sung broke off and worded his story, and it took him a while to explain what was going on.
  
  Since Wei Qian no longer pick up the two of them after school, every night a "double stick" welfare is gone, this small treasure is very unhappy, but she did not dare to ask Wei Qian to ask for money, Wei Zhiyuan surely will not want to expect their big brother can think of this trivial matters, is even more heavenly nightmare.
  So the two of them discussed, every day walking along the path to pick up cans, pick back secretly hidden in the small treasure under the bed, waiting for the sale of money.
  
  This day do not know why, Xiaoyuan as usual to halfway, suddenly do not let her take the path, the two circled back to the main road, Song Xiaobao do not understand what is going on, as usual, is to quarrel with him, the results of this time Wei Zhiyuan did not even take the move, not without saying all the way to forcefully tugged her away.
  At that time, Wei Zhiyuan's expression was too scary, so Song Xiaobo ended up obeying pointlessly.
  
  Song Xiaobao this classmate, she is a very typical goon child, usually give nose to face, other people sound and color, she can turn into a small quail in a second.
  Luckily it's a girl, otherwise she might be a good material to be a eunuch when she grows up in the future.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took her aimlessly around the street, first to the intersection of the department store, seven twisted around, out after he was very alert to look around, took her from several small stores, are from the front door into the back door out, enough to wander outside for more than half an hour.
  Only after that did Wei Zhiyuan take Xiao Bao in the direction of his home, and by then it was a bit dark.
  
  You have to go through a small alley to get home. There's no way around it.
  
  Song Xiaobao saw that at that time Xiaoyuan did not carry his schoolbag properly on his back, but carried it in his hand, with the zipper of the bag unzipped, and he a
------------

Reading in sections 11

With only his hand tucked in his bag, he didn't know what he was looking for, and he searched all the way through without taking his hand out.
  Then she heard footsteps, and Wei Zhiyuan's nerves seemed to tense up all of a sudden, and Song Xiaobao saw a man approaching.
  
  How old she was and what she looked like, she cried and cried and couldn't say, only that it was an adult, a stranger as big as Sanfat's father.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suddenly pushed her hard, telling her to run.
  
  Until then, Song Xiaobao still couldn't figure out what had happened, yet Xiao Yuan's attitude brought her great fear, and even though Xiaobao didn't know what she herself was afraid of, she was just so scared that her hairs stood up.
  Instinctively obeying his words, she ran to the end of the path, becoming more and more frightened the more she ran, and couldn't help but look back to find Farther with his hand out of his school bag, which turned out to contain a steel pipe, which the boy held with both hands, and pressed himself sideways against the wall, looking warily at the stranger.
  
  Glancing back at her, Wei Zhiyuan angrily shouted at her, "Run! Call Big Brother!"
  
  Song Xiaobao no longer dare to stop, a breath of air to run home, but until the door of the house, she realized that she simply do not have a key - his home keys a total of three sets, a set of Wei Qian took, a set of put on standby, and a set of three fat mom used to take, and now give Wei Zhiyuan.
  Wei Qian was thinking that these two children are always the same in and out, with a set of keys is enough, Xiaobao hairy, gave her also afraid of being lost by her, but at the juncture, the two children to forget about this matter.
  
  If not bumped into received three fat phone hurriedly rushed to the Leizi, the little girl is now also the idea of the whole in the doorway to cry it.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had wandered outside, and was much more keen on all kinds of malicious people than Xiao Bao, I'm afraid that he felt he was being followed halfway, so he took Xiao Bao around the road, and his way of handling the situation was actually very correct, it's just that the child was still small after all, and he didn't manage to get rid of the other party after all in the end, and was still blocked up.
  
  At this time, the three fat also arrived, the three fat really do not feel at ease, after the phone call followed by a car back.
  
  As soon as he got off the bus, he came up for air and said to Wei Qian, "It's okay, Qian'er, don't worry, Le has heard about it, and after he knew it was your house, he immediately sent someone to help you find it, you ......"
  
  His words were suddenly interrupted as Wei Qian expressionlessly raised his hand and slapped Xiao Bao's face to the side.
  
  Lei Zi was startled, busy jumping up to stop between Wei Qian and Xiao Bao: ''Qian'er, hey, Qian'er! She's still young, a little brat, what does she know? What are you in a hurry with her for?"
  
  Three Fatty was more nonchalant, rushed over in three steps and two steps, and growled at Wei Qian's ear: "Are you a live donkey? Where are you hitting? You can't hit a child's face, don't you know that? Wei Qian, are you crazy? You're so heavy-handed, what if she's deaf? Ah?"
  
  Xiao Bao was beaten for the first time in her life, she was simply shocked, she didn't react at first, and only after a while, she felt the fiery pain on her face, she incredulously reached out to cover her face, her cheeks reddened, and her eyes began to store up teardrops.
  Wei Qian, who was pulled aside by San Fat, looked at her coldly, "I'll see you dare to cry! You still have the face to cry?"
  
  Xiao Bao really did not dare to cry, tried her best to hold back, really could not hold back, she let out a sob like a cramp, her face was suffocated from red to purple.
  
  Wei Qian pulled his arm out and looked condescendingly at the pitiful little girl, "Where did you leave him alone?"
  Xiao Bao huffed and said a hutong name, "I ...... I just, just now told Brother Lei Zi, said it ......"
  
  Lei Zi hurriedly said, "Yes, yes, I've just notified, there are brothers heading over there now, don't be anxious, Qian'er."
  Wei Qian bent down and looked straight into Song Xiaobao's eyes, "Being wise and running away from the battle, Song Li Li, did I teach you to behave like this?"
  
  There were two words in this sentence that Xiao Bao didn't understand, but it didn't stop her from comprehending the spirit. This hurt even more than when her big brother slapped her in the face, and Song Xiaobao's tears finally fell in large chunks.
  SanFat couldn't stand to watch and pulled XiaoBao behind him, "How are you talking? You're just taking the blame! You're only happy when you have to get your own sister involved, aren't you? You're sick!"
  
  Wei Qian ignored him, fished out the key from his pocket and handed it to Lei Zi, and said politely, "Thank you brother, drink a glass of water in the house, I can't entertain today, I have to take a look at the go first."
  
  After saying that, he didn't even look at Song Xiaobao and twisted his head to leave.
  Song Xiaobao cried more fiercely, three fat hurriedly bent down and picked up Xiaobao, clumsily patted her back like a big bear, coaxing: "Sister, let's not cry ah, your brother didn't take the vaccine this year, rabies committed. It's okay, third brother to find a towel for you to compress, a moment will not hurt, not afraid of fear, third brother here, your brother dare not hit you again."
  
  Po lay on his shoulder and cried his eyes out.
  
  In Song's childhood, she remembers only one person's embrace, her fat brother.
  The fat brother has a smell of sweat that can not be washed off when summer comes, and even if it is clean, it seems to be stinky, not to mention that sometimes he is also stained with the smell of grease and vegetables, choking the people ...... yet that is almost the only bit of warmth she can get to soothe her.
  
  Her short-lived mom had died so early and so undignified that she had no memory of the woman.
  And since her brother ...... hit her with a clear memory, her big brother did not seem to have hugged her much, and the most intimate behavior was at most a few touches on her head.
  
  Bo sometimes kicks the covers in the middle of the night and doesn't put them on when she's woken up from the cold, all on purpose; she pretends to be asleep and waits for her brother to come and cover her up, and he'll very gently pull the covers on, tuck in the corners, and sometimes smooth the hair out of her face to one side.
  It was a warmth that he didn't have during the day, that was rare to see.
  
  Her brother loves her, Xiaobao know, what she wants big brother to give what, Xiaobao also know, but she still afraid of him, many times take the initiative to ask for things, but also want to be scared, not very justified, because the brother in the house always cold face, frowning frowned to come and go in a hurry, and even do not have the patience and she said a few words, accompany her to watch a little bit of TV.
  Xiaobao always feels that although Big Brother loves her, the love is very limited, if she is too obnoxious, maybe Big Brother that little love will take back and no longer give her.
  
  Xiao Bao bawled her eyes out, not because Wei Qian had beaten her, in fact, she was more afraid that her big brother wouldn't like her anymore.
  Unfortunately, Brother Fatty was a brown man, and comforting people was always out of the question.
  
  Wei Qian was in the middle of the road ran into Xiaoyuan, Xiaoyuan followed a Le brother's little brother, the brother called Xiao He, and Wei Qian is not very familiar with, but also occasionally have some dealings.
  Xiao He walks in front, from time to time to look back at the back of the child is still with or not follow, Wei Zhiyuan has seen him once, is considered to know, but refused to let Xiao He pull holding, only willing to say nothing to carry his steel pipe walking behind.
  
  The little thing didn't look up as he walked, concentrating on his feet, and from Koga's angle, he could only see the tiny swirls of hair on the top of his head.
  
  When Xiao He found Wei Zhiyuan, he didn't see the pervert who is said to be specializing in picking on children, only an old aunt in her sixties with a long broom in her hand guarded Xiao Yuan, asking him from time to time what he was doing.
  That pervert has run away, Wei Zhiyuan coat buttons chipped off two, face swollen up half, head has a big mouth, obviously someone pressed the child's head to the wall, the tip under the steel pipe stained with a little bit of blood, the wall and the ground are sharp steel pipe scratches traces, can be seen to have gone through a fight.
  
  This little warrior did not relinquish his weapon from start to finish until he was lucky enough to startle an old aunt who happened to be passing this way.
  
  Xiao He went over, Wei Zhiyuan is shrinking in the corner to rest, feel someone close, shoulders obviously tightened shrugged a bit, the whole person tense up, although no action, but Xiao He has a kind of illusion, as if he went one step forward, that little cub hands of the steel pipe will dare to shine at their own head to cut.
  Xiao He stopped and tentatively called out "Xiao Yuan", Wei Zhiyuan struggled to open his swollen eyes, surveyed him for a moment, recognized Xiao He, and his body slightly relaxed.
  
  The old aunt looked suspiciously at the young man, who was suspected of being a gangster, and asked uneasily, "Child, do you know him?"
  Wei Zhiyuan nodded.
  
  The old aunt was relieved and left with her long broom, sighing at the end, "What kind of people are they? They should be shot, this world is too chaotic."
  
  Koga checked and realized that the clothes on the child were still intact, so at least he breathed a sigh of relief first.
  
  He walked in front, Wei Zhiyuan is not far behind him, some staggering steps, but the attitude is very tough, he does not let people help, also not look up at people, Xiao He felt that this kid at a young age, there is a kind of outlaw general temperament, as if they do not know pain, do not know fear, instinctively will fight with people.
  
  Koga also stopped trying to talk to him, as the cub's bloodied and bruised face and murderous look gave him a bit of the creeps.
  
  Until Wei Qian rushed over and picked up Wei Zhiyuan in a hug.
  
  The little boy seemed to freeze for a few seconds, before reacting to the person who was holding him, he relaxed in hindsight, the steel pipe in his hand "choking" fell to the ground bouncing twice, Xiaoga saw the pair of dusty and blood-covered pale hands tightly clutched Wei Qian's clothes, and then Wei Zhiyuan shivered as if the child was naturally slower to react than others. child was born to react half a beat slower than others, and only until this time did he understand what had happened, and only until this time did he just realize that he was afraid.
  
  He purred like a kitten, "Brother ......"
  
  Xiao He looked at the child cat pup like carefully buried his head into Wei Qian's neck nest, thought he was going to cry, but Wei Zhiyuan in the end did not cry, he just shivered in his big brother's arms for a few moments, and after a while, as if he wanted to confirm something, he called out again, "Brother."
  Wei Qian asked, "Does it hurt?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan never knew that big brother also had such tender moments, almost somewhat flattered, first instinctively nodding his head, and then reacting, shaking his head vigorously.
  Unexpectedly he shook his head, two lines of nosebleed flowed down, Wei Zhiyuan immediately raised his sleeve, gulp wipe down, secretly stained with blood on the hand behind the back, for fear that big brother dislike.
  
  But this time, his foul-tempered, poisonous-mouthed big brother didn't dislike it or put him down, and even allowed him to greedily reach out his arms around his neck, lean his head on his shoulder, and carry Wei Zhiyuan all the way back home.
  
  Wei Qian was still a teenager, about the right size, but his shoulders were not fully pulled back, his bones were a bit choked, his muscles had not had time to grow into shape and were hard.
  But the more this hard shoulder hurt him, the more Wei Zhiyuan felt secure.
  
  Without realizing it, the little boy fell asleep against such a hard, slightly medicinal smelling embrace.
  


13. Chapter XIII 

  Song Xiaobao and Wei Zhiyuan, these two cubs' mode of getting along is more puzzling than the clothes that are popular on the girls every year.
  Usually it's a five-minute switch between "at each other's throats" and "make up" several times without any hiccups.
  
  ...... It is swifter and more impermanent than lightning, and not for foolish mortals to keep up with.
  
  Song Xiaobao's rare linguistic talent in giving nicknames to Wei Zhiyuan was at its fullest. Some of her favorite nicknames were "Dog Pup", "Big Eyed Lantern", "Sheep Dung Ball on the Top of a Wooden Stick" ("Sheep Dung Ball" for short), "Little Bastard", "Bastard", etc.  Wei Zhiyuan was more succinct. ("Sheep Dung Ball" for short), "Little Bastard", "Son of a Bitch", etc....... Wei Zhiyuan is more concise, usually The three words "ugly girl" can kill her cleanly in the blink of an eye.
  
  However, after that day, Song Xiaobao's name for Wei Zhiyuan suddenly stopped being so varied, and she has since streamlined it into a "second brother".
  Song Xiaobao stopped the one-sided provocation, in front of Wei Zhiyuan, she finally from an obnoxious bear child, into a loveable little girl, Wei Zhiyuan to return the favor, naturally, also streamlined the name to her into the "small treasure", from then on, the two cubs from the relationship between the arch-enemies evolved into a normal brother-sister relationship.
  
  However Wei Qian has no time to delight in these little children's antics and reconciliation, the two of them as long as they don't make a move, even if they quarreled he couldn't see it, and when they made up, he felt just as little, Wei Qian is naturally able to be oblivious to things that don't interest him.
  
  On that day, Wei Qian finished smearing the medicine to reduce the swelling on Wei Zhiyuan's little face, his face didn't move and didn't show much, and first he didn't twist and turn to appease the little treasure who was angered by him.
  Xiao Bao looked at him with tearful eyes, his pitiful little eyes were simply heartbreaking, "Brother, are you still mad at me?"
  
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes, his fingers unconsciously twisted at his side, his face taut and serious, but in his heart, embarrassed and chagrined, in the face of his baby sister, Wei Qian is not able to stand up like a normal person and say "I'm sorry, brother should not hit you," nor can he simply shake his head and say, "I'm not angry with you. I'm not mad at you anymore.
  The two people were frozen for more than ten seconds before Wei Qian opened his mouth and said, "I ...... cough, I will give you two ten dollars a week in the future, don t you love popsicles?"
  
  The three fat people who listened with their ears pricked up were simply overwhelmed, convinced that this donkey with smooth hair and squinting eyes against the hair frying.
  
  After Wei Qian dried Xiao Bao's tears, coaxed her back to sleep, and drove the two children to bed, he then walked out of the house and spoke to San Fatty and the others, "Find this person, I have to waste him."
  When he said this, his expression and tone of voice were restrained and almost flat, as if he had just said, "I'm going downstairs to buy a pack of cigarettes".
  
  It was probably from that time that the teenager Wei Qian began to learn not to show his joy and anger.
  
  Three fat feel, out of buddy righteousness, he should be attached, but for some reason, he always felt a little hidden fear, in front of other people, he didn't have the heart to say, said out to appear to be very wimpy. Wei Qian is now the red man of the brother of music, small He more or less a little bit of their meaning, one by one, swore that he would help him find this person, three fat next to the teenager patted the thin shoulders, a word did not say.
  
  On the surface, it was others who had said all the words, Sanfat he had everything to say, in fact, in Sanfat's inner world, some kind of great worry began to emerge.
  Fighting, trouble, and even petty theft, these are the daily routine of the mixed boys, although none of them are good, but they can't stir up a big basket, but Wei Qian only said so much, and then he stopped mentioning this matter, and turned around to go and thank Xiaoga and them politely.
  Three Fatty knew him well enough to know that he was holding back something big, and he sensed that desperate, lawless intent to kill that
------------

Reading in sections 12

Thinking that Wei Qian was a prelude to going crazy.
  
  In that instant, San Fatty sincerely hoped that that pervert would hide far away and never be found by Wei Qian.
  
  Wei Qian was indeed going crazy, and the next day he had his cast removed and transferred to the demonic nightclub so that he could continue to pick up and drop off his two children during the day.
  It was a time when new drugs like ecstasy hadn't caught on yet, and the regulations were lax, and nightclubs had everything, from early sex/workers to sick addicts, from dance floors where young people went wild, to theaters where young rockers partied late at night.
  All-nighters and booze.
  Two bowls of yellow soup went to the head, and there was trouble almost every day.
  
  Wei Qian dealt with this group of people.
  
  His arm has just grown, he began a new period of intensive dry fight life, he almost every day to lead a fight, every morning is all drunk and bruised back, just two months, Wei Qian is a mad dog in general, across the world, became a quite famous fighter.
  Lok doesn't shortchange his capable brothers, and that period of time allowed him to earn a lot of money, and the news of that pervert has always been inquired about by his little brothers.
  But I don't know if the prayers of the three fat teenagers touched the heavens, but they really never found it.
  
  Wei Qian's body became sturdy in one fierce clash after another, and some people began to call him Little Brother Wei, and he colored the dangerous aura of a real fighter with incredible speed, a far cry from that year's teenager who sneaked out of school at noon and ran to the pool hall to dabble in the food.
  
  Violence, is a very dangerous behavior in which it is constantly self-rewarding, self-reinforcing, and ultimately changes a person's personality.
  Those who have not been exposed to it will never understand why anyone would be addicted to violence. It's like a drug that ignites adrenaline in the body in an instant, and builds up a twisted sense of self-esteem and confidence, a sense of security, a sense of belonging, and even a degree of self-worth in which Weiqian can find himself under the fearful gaze of his little brothers.
  
  It brings about an experience similar to "success", and just as "success" can subconsciously turn a person into a "successful" mindset, so too can "violence" subconsciously turn a person into a "violent" mindset. Violence" can turn a person into a "violent" mindset in the same way that "success" can turn a person into a "successful" mindset in the same way that "violence" can turn a person into a "violent" mindset in the same way.
  People who are addicted to it can't help but start to inflate their egos, avoiding normal human concerns about "consequences" and other ways of thinking about problem solving.
  Fear and guilt will be the first to disintegrate in the face of self-denial, and then self-control will begin to crumble until, finally, all of the person's conscience, morality, and warmth will have been destroyed inside, and the person will have reached the point of "irredeemability".
  
  Some people say that most of the so-called "outlaws" are people who don't even want to die for money, but that's not accurate; what they don't want to die for is much more complicated than the value of money.
  
  Wei Qian, on the other hand, walks on this well-trodden path with clear steps.
  
  He was ignorant and unaware, but the cold-eyed Three Fatty was simply terrified.
  Three fat finally could not help, the second private and Wei Qian said: "You do not do this, or go to watch the Internet, that's how easy, during the day can also rest for a while, our younger siblings to and from school I'll pick up and drop off for you, okay?"
  
  At that time, it was already late fall, Wei Qian, relying on the young firepower, stupid boy sleeping in a cool bed, not the slightest care to stick his head under the faucet, rinsing it with cool water, and when he heard this, he happened to raise his head.
  He picked up a towel and splattered himself all over his face, then shook his head vigorously from side to side and replied, "No, don't be nosy."
  
  Three Fatty had to shut his mouth again.
  Third brother watched Wei Qian grow up, understand this kid, said once can, he knows is good intention, also know appreciate, said more of his donkey temper up, really can six relatives do not recognize the rush.
  
  Three Fatty had to digress, "Hey, what do you think happened to that hemp? God out of nowhere. This neighborhood to live, I also ran a day to the hospital to see his mother, but froze half a month have not seen him, what happened?"
  Asako his mother lived in the intensive care unit for a long time, the high cost of hospitalization made the three brothers almost smash pots and pans, and finally Asako mortgaged their family house, borrowed a sum of money, at least let his mother picked up a life, but she burned not like a human being, an arm and a leg amputation, can no longer stand up, and presumably will be so inhuman to live a lifetime.
  
  They'll never have a place to eat her soybean milk doughnuts again.
  
  Wei Qian froze, he would go to the hospital during the day when he wasn't doing anything, checking to see if there was any money left on the books and doing his best to make up some, but he hadn't seen Asako in more than half a month - he was still working at the same nightclub as Asako.
  
  Three Fatty furrowed his brows, "You said that grandson is two hundred and fifty-fifty, nothing will happen, right?"
  Being mentioned by him, Wei Qian on the heart, one night he happened to be on duty in the second half of the shift, Wei Qian deliberately dilly-dallying for a while, waiting in the monitoring room, waiting for more than three o'clock, Wei Qian has been fast asleep, he saw the hemp son cleaned up the first batch of retired boxes came out, the monitor is very unclear, Wei Qian saw the distance from the hemp son not far from another person, what kind of look can not be seen clearly, but has always been and the hemp son to maintain the same distance.
  
  It was as if he was trying his best not to let anyone realize that he and Asako were together.
  With a jolt, Wei Qian went out of the surveillance room, stayed out of the way, avoided the cameras, and carefully followed Asako.
  
  He didn't dare to follow too close, the one with Asako was too alert and looked back several times.
  Asako and the man walked into a small hutong sheltered from the wind, the day is not yet bright, Wei Qian stood too far away, only barely able to see Asako pulled out a stack of money to the man, the man took it after pointing, and then pulled out a few sheets and handed them to Asako, and gave him a small package of things.
  
  The two hurriedly parted ways, and Wei Qian got a headache from the wind of the late fall morning.
  
  After making sure the man was gone, Wei Qian carefully followed Pocky for a while longer, until he felt safe, then he stepped out and called out, "Pocky!"
  He was ready to interrogate Pocky about what happened just now, but Pocky turned around and ran away like a scared bird.
  
  Wei Qian immediately went after him.
  Asako ran as fast as a rabbit, turning east and west in the small hutongs, and it didn't take long for Wei Qian to lose track of him.
  
  Wei Qian kicked a stone away with force and cursed lowly, "Fuck!"
  Then go home and wait in a crouch in front of Asako's house.
  
  He waited until it was almost dawn, the lights in his own house had been turned on, and Far and Bao were up and ready for school, and he hadn't been able to block the hemp.
  


14. Chapter XIV

  As if the hemp seems to know that Wei Qian will squat in front of his house to block him, simply, the home does not return.
  He doesn't even go to the hospital anymore, only when there is almost no money in his account does he quietly go to pay a sum of money, since he was seen by Wei Qian once in the nightclub, he ironically started to avoid Wei Qian.
  
  This night, Wei Qian is not on duty, he and the three fat do not know how many times in front of the hemp family around, the three fat from Wei Qian grabbed a cigarette, to the ground a squat, staring at the ground ants nests said: "Ya enough to hide ah, hey Qian'er, you say that kid back then when reading, if there is a brain of this circuitous, he can not even count a number of them? "
  
  Wei Qian was annoyed by his chanting, "Shut up, so many words, your mouth leaks?"
  Three Fatty covered his chest, "You little brats, you're all too old for your mother, aren't you? I have a handful of shit and urine ......"
  
  Wei Qian coolly swept a glance at him.
  Three Fatty's words came to an abrupt end, and a moment later, he said meaningfully in a half-joking tone, "Don't you realize that you've been getting more and more hostile lately? Have you eaten too much hairy bloodwang?"
  
  Wei Qian ignored him, and on the glass of the third floor, Wei Zhiyuan leaned over the window, pointed in a certain direction, and gestured at them.
  Three Fatty: "What's that monkey kid doing lying on the window like a gecko?"
  
  Wei Qian pulled SanFat with one hand and turned into the small hutong behind Asako's house, saying quietly to SanFat, "I'll have him keep an eye on the distance to keep an eye on me."
  
  Three Fatty was surprised, "And you bought him a telescope because of this?"
  Wei Qian: "No, he did not know where to get the plastic concave and convex mirror, focusing on a good roll of cardboard to paste themselves."
  
  Three Fatty was overwhelmed with emotion, "Awesome, handy, good seedling for scientists ...... Crap, what is this?"
  Wei Qian picked up a sack and a roll of twine from the corner, picked up the sack himself, and threw the rope to SanFat: "Hiding from Laozi? Tie him up."
  
  Three Fatty looked down at the roll of twine in his hand and became even more emotional: "Awesome, killing and kidnapping, a good seedling of Liangshan heroes!"
  
  Wei Qian took two steps and looked back, "You called me a bandit?"
  Triple Fatty: "Ouch, baby, you're so self-aware."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  Three fat can not get used to him, so three days to take the words to stab him twice, Wei Qian heart all know, but he does not care.
  He walked the path he chose, living or dying, without complaint.
  But the rain in the lonely through, miserable wind and rain, full of mud, others are willing to take the heart of the hand to cover him a little, he only feel ironic, and not resentful.
  
  Pocky peeped from afar to make sure that both Fatty and Wei Qian were not there, and only then did he return to his house like a thief, Pocky was so nervous that he was shivering and pulling out his keys while ghostly looking around, finally, he inserted/inserted the key into the keyhole, and breathed a sigh of relief.
  However, this breath didn't loosen to the end, suddenly, his eyes went black, and he was violently pushed against the wall, the man had a knee on his body, and the hands that twisted his arms seemed to be made of iron, and then, Asako's hands were tied.
  
  Asako heart sank, an uncontrollable urge to urinate came up, his first reaction was to be caught by the police / police, the heart of the two words - finished.
  
  Wei Qian and San Fatty set up Asako on one side to Wei Qian's house.
  
  Song Xiaobao looked curiously at her five-tied pockmarked brother and jumped out to bellow, "Kidnapping! Surrender and don't kill!"
  Three Fatty laughed bitterly, "Kissing sister, you can really add to the mess."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly pulled her by the hand, pushed her to the hut, and said in the tone of his elder brother, "Have you written your math homework? I'm not copying it for you."
  
  Not having a place to copy his homework was a godsend, and Song pouted, losing interest in the kidnapping.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pushed her into the house and glanced out through the doorway, SanFat saw it and hurriedly filled his face with smiles and gave him a thumbs up for encouragement. Wei Zhiyuan smiled at him in a friendly manner, but still waited for his big brother's reaction.
  
  Wei Qian fished out a box of the kind of mints that nightclubs prepare for their guests for free from his pocket and threw it through the air, and this time Wei Zhiyuan smiled with a big smile on his face and reached out to catch it with his butt, closing the door and walking away contentedly.
  San fat feel this scene is very familiar, and only later remembered that this is a standard dog-taming action - Wei Zhiyuan was close to receiving it with his mouth open.
  
  "You," Three Fatty said to Wei Qian with a shake of his head, "are so lacking in virtue that you're roasting lamb kebabs on your ancestors' graves."
  
  Then the two of them worked together to remove the sack from Asako's head.
  
  Neither of them expected to be able to scare Asako like this - Asako's eyes were scattered until a long time after he had seen the two of them, his dull eyes rolled around, he took a deep breath as if he was pouring out air, and his legs went limp, and he sat down on his buttocks on the ground.
  
  "I le a second uncle grandma," three fat squat down, carefully measured his face, "pimples are scared white, you in the end is doing how much heartbreak a brother?"
  
  Wei Qian didn't intend to talk nonsense, as he peeled away San Fatty, "Who was the person you met with that day? What did he give you? Why did he give you money? Why did you run away when you saw me?"
  Three Fatty pulled him, "Slow down slow down, don't fry his brain."
  
  "Burning is better!" Wei Qian picked up Pocky by the collar, "Do you want to tell me yourself or let me search you?"
  
  Asako looked at his near brother, his tongue felt like it was tied in knots and he couldn't say a single word, he could only look deeply at Wei Qian, his eyes reflecting a certain kind of shocking sadness.
  Wei Qian does not care whether he is sad or not, said to do, a word to start hands to search his body, soon, he found a few small paper packets from the pockets of hemp.
  
  Of course Wei Qian knew what it was, he would never forget how his mom looked when she was dying, yet he had trouble believing it for a while, after freezing for a while, he slowly unwrapped one of the paper packets, and the fine white powder inside finally became an inescapable reality for him.
  
  "What is this?" Wei Qian asked, then his voice abruptly changed tone, "What is this?!"
  
  A line of tears ran from the corner of Asako's eyes, like a dying turtle at the edge of a dry riverbed.
  
  Wei Qian suddenly jumped up and gave him a kick in the chest, but unfortunately it didn't kick really, it was held by San Fat and dragged backward to the sofa, Wei Qian struggled to break away from him, "Anyway, he doesn't want to live, why don't I just beat him to death, and it's also clean and environmentally friendly and energy saving and emission reduction!"
  
  Three Fatty, as a non-combatant, couldn't pocket him, and hastened to say, "Child child, those two children are still in the house, don't you shout and fight here."
  
  A sentence, miraculously let Wei Qian calm down, Wei Qian subconsciously looked back at the hut, found that the hut door was pushed open a crack, two pairs of small eyes up and down furtively is peeping out, the two pups met his gaze, suddenly startled, "bam" a door, want to cover up the door closed.
  Wei Qian heart a handful of anger, crying and laughing dispersed most of it.
  
  And hemp can no longer repress, he seems to chest repressed the whole world of desolate hopelessness, backward leaning, sideways lying on the ground, hands are still tied, curled up into a big shrimp, can not stop to head to grab the ground, bawling, as if non-this can not vent one of the ten thousand in his chest of the knot.
  
  San Fatty let go of Wei Qian and squatted down, his rounded fingers dabbing at the powder that was accidentally spilled on the ground.
  
  He waited quietly for Asako to cry for a while, until his cries subsided, and only then did Three Fatty speak up softly and ask, "This is 'White Noodle,' isn't it?"
  
  Asako just "whimpered", unable to speak, three fat lowered his head, and then raised his eyes are red, he desperately looked to the other side, trying to hold back the tears, his lips unconsciously pursed into a line.
  
  "I know that this is certainly not your own suck, you can not do this, I also know, is our mom not enough money to use ......" three fat voice hoarse, to this point, but said no
------------

Reading in sections 13

He took several deep breaths, his broad back like an undulating bellows, before picking up the conversation, "But this is a dead end ah brother, brother can't watch you walk towards death ah! If our mom knew, she could hang herself on the hospital radiator tonight. How ...... are you How are you all so unintelligent!"
  
  Wei Qian was wooden and silent, and the tears of the hemp seemed to have dried up, lying there dying and unresponsive.
  
  Three Fatty's fingers wiped at his eyes so no one could tell he was crying.
  Three people in the small living room in relative silence for a long time, Wei Qian suddenly walked to the bedside table, pull open, there is a small stack of yuan, are his recent savings, he stuffed the money into the pockets of the pockets of the hemp son put drug / drug, said word for word: "Third brother still has his parents, can't be the head of their family, I'm in charge of our family, I'm in charge - -If you look at my house, if I sell it, how much can it be worth? How long will it be enough to support our mom? If you run out of money, you can tell me, I'll give you the money if you have it, but I'll sell it if you don't."
  
  Asako's gaze slowly fell on the two of them, his eyes all bloodshot.
  
  Wei Qian said impatiently, "What are you looking at, when you encounter some shit, you hug and cry, you two out of it? It's just money, isn't it? Isn't it just money?"
  
  He couldn't catch it when he said that.
  Yeah, what's the big deal about money? But they just don't have any money!
  
  Wei Qian stood up and sat down on his butt on the worn out couch, struggling to calm his heartbeat - he heard the sound of a trapped beast in his chest.
  
  Three fat sighed, the hemp rope untied, help him up, pick up a few packets of "white noodles", all flushed down the toilet.
  That night, Pocky took the money Wei Qian and San Fat gave him and left without saying a word.
  
  He walked to the front of the building - where he and his mom used to fry their doughnuts - and suddenly stopped in his tracks, and Asako tilted his head and shouted at the stairs, "Ah!"
  
  Wei Qian and San Fatty pushed open the window to look down.
  
  Pocky fell to his knees with a plop, his bent spine balled up into a shrimp, he kowtowed to the abject love of his brothers, then reached up and touched a handful of dirt and grass clippings on his forehead and stood up to walk away.
  He is not good with words, and he cannot speak at critical times, nonetheless.
  
  A crescent moon rises in the sky, and when it's full again, it's mid-autumn.
  
  That specializes in bullying children of perverts or not found, probably perverts did not expect, the same rice can raise a hundred kinds of people, fragrant soft bullying of small children, there are such as Wei Zhiyuan such as the fight do not want to life of the strong, the pervert is estimated to let Wei Zhiyuan a pipe poke the spot impotence, and then has not been reappeared.
  
  August section of the first week, Wei Qian hung a big color, there is a person in the river drift, which can not take a knife, his eyes are only mixed a name, really want to make a name for themselves in this small jianghu, do not take a thousand knives, boiled out of the head.
  
  Wei Qian this is the first time to get a machete, he was carried back, although it is all skin wounds, but the blood all over the body is also scary as hell.
  However, although he finally got down, but in the end, or to carry the scene, Le is very grateful to him, but also think he is a talent, gave him a good amount of money for the holidays, let him go home for a few months to come back, Wei Qian "paid" vacation.
  
  Money can comfort Wei Qian's heart, but can not comfort Xiaobao's heart, Xiaobao has never seen so much blood in his life, at that time, it was like a bamboo stick fried ass/share of rats, howling at him a shocking, like a burst of thunder in Wei Qian's ears, annoyed him to a dead and alive.
  Three Fatty completely fell into their family's nanny, patting Xiao Bao's back, "Hey, don't cry, don't cry, it's okay, your brother has thick skin, it's okay."
  
  Bo cried and hiccupped.
  "Third, third brother ......," she said brokenly, "my brother, my brother ...... is not going to . . dying?"
  
  "......" three fat silent for a moment, "go to your, unlucky child, nonsense, you look forward to some good line?"
  Xiaobao cried even more chopped liver, "I, I saw him ...... roll his eyes!"
  
  Three Fatty sighed heavily, "My ancestor hey, that clearly makes you angry!"
  
  Compared to her shocking, Xiao Yuan's reaction was much more bland, he lowered his head and always squatted beside Wei Qian's bed without a sound, as if he was a spirit without presence behind him, Wei Qian's head ached from Xiao Bao's noise, and seeing her crying so sadly, he couldn't yell at her with one voice, so he had to try to distract himself.
  Wei Qian stretched out his hand wrapped in gauze and rudely touched Wei Zhiyuan's head, breaking the back of his head to make him raise his face, "Hey, what are you doing with your head down, picking up money ah you ......"
  
  Wei Qian's words abruptly interrupted, he saw the original lowered Wei Zhiyuan red eyes, quietly "snapping" tears, tightly clenched his teeth, squeezing his small fists, looking sad and resentful.
  Wei Zhiyuan was less than ten years old, grew a bit, not yet had time to enter the crazy development of puberty, he was clear and unbearable sadness and anger in his heart, thinking that he dragged down his big brother, let him for a little bit of money to sell his life so.
  
  Only a child soaked in a honeypot does not want to grow up, Wei Zhiyuan is not, at that moment, he hysterically wanted to become strong, hysterically wanted to become a real man.
  
  Song Xiaobao's bawling only made Wei Qian feel helpless, yet Wei Zhiyuan made him feel moved, Wei Qian's heart was rarely softened, moving to the side to make a small space for Wei Zhiyuan, reaching out and patting, "Come up."
  Wei Zhiyuan obediently climbed onto the bed and carefully nestled into his arms.
  
  Song Xiaobao looked at him blearily, "Brother, I want to sleep with you too."
  
  Wei Qian had no choice but to compromise with her eyes, "Alright, you come over too, I'm warning you Song Xiaobao, this is the last time, you're a female, what's it like to keep sleeping with guys? How old are you, you don't know shit."
  
  Three fat tsk tsk tsk, the little wolf cub Wei Zhiyuan like a boneless cat tugging at Wei Qian's clothes do not let go, sticky to no avail, the other side of Song Xiaobao turned into a only nagging a sentence of the pugilist, back and forth that a few sentences: "Brother let's not do this, not allowed to do this."
  And it was surprising that someone like Wei Qian, who had a negative patience index, didn't rush with the two of them.
  
  At first when Xiaobao said a sentence, Wei Qian responded to it, then realized that she said this sentence as a cartwheel and laughed in anger: "Go to sleep, no more talking!"
  Xiaobao: "Brother you're not allowed to do this anymore."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He sighed and reluctantly sat up, patting Bao to put her to sleep, "Listen to you, you're my boss, okay?"
  
  Three fat quietly help them lock the door to go away by himself, he suddenly felt that it is not so serious, with the two children's ties, how Wei Qian does not fall to the point of six relatives.
  


15. Chapter XV

  On the afternoon of August 15, Wei Qian bought two boxes of mooncakes, and when he passed by the hospital, he stopped by to go in and put down a box for Asako's mom.
  
  Pocky pushed his mom out for a while, but Pocky's mom was not very comfortable, half of her face was pitted with hot oil, basically disfigured, and she was particularly sensitive to other people's stares - if people looked at her face, she would be scared and avoided, but if people deliberately did not look at her face, she would feel very intimidated, and felt uncomfortable. .
  
  She was only able to relax a bit when she saw Wei Qian and San Fatty, the two of them came even more diligently than Pocky, and even if her face burned into a black charcoal, they were both used to seeing it.
  "Aunt, bought some mooncakes, I'll put down a box for you, for the festival should be a scene, you more or less taste a piece." Wei Qian said, he bought not bulk mooncakes, there is a box.
  
  Pocky's mom didn't thank him and said, "Why did you buy this? You're spending money again!"
  Wei Qian readily followed her words, "Who says it isn't, I don't know what's so good about this mushy stuff, who made my two 'bosses' love it?"
  
  Asako's mom laughed, "You can't be so spoiled, you'll be spoiled all out of shape by then."
  
  She did not say on her lips, but in her heart, she always felt that she was a heavy burden, no one has the financial resources to hire a professional caregiver for her, most of the time, Asako mom had to live in the hospital alone, not even a person to talk to. For her, having an acquaintance to talk about trivial things is a great enjoyment.
  
  Not to mention the fact that her son had taken an entire afternoon to push her around outside.
  Asako's mom hadn't been this happy in a long time, and on this day, even if her smile was ugly, it was ugly in a genuine way.
  
  Wei Qian is actually not accustomed to long-winded kanji with people, he accompanied hemp mom sat for a while, nearly half a month of smile at once spent clean, said dry mouth, face are a little stiff before leaving.
  During this time, Asako remained silent as usual, listening on the side.
  
  Wei Qian left the hospital, there is a kind of unloading what like a sense of relief, he and the three fat has been the hemp back, the future for hemp his mother, the big deal is that we take turns to take care of, anyway, he himself does not have a mother, more than one is nothing.
  
  As soon as Wei Qian returned home and pushed the door, the two little things that were originally sitting on the sofa did the same thing as the meerkat, making an identical movement of stretching out their necks and turning back, with a big look, Xiao Bao just wanted to open his mouth to accuse, who knew that he saw the box Wei Qian was carrying in his hand first, and his eyes went straight, and incoherently jumped up and said, "Mooncake! The TV is broken!"
  
  "...... "Wei Qian looked at her and said, "OK, let it be fixed for you."
  Song shook his head and wagged his tail, "Heh heh heh heh heh."
  
  Wei Qian talked too much in the afternoon and was too lazy to open his mouth again at this point, so he stretched out a finger and pointed in the direction of the kitchen, Song Xiaobao dumbfoundedly looked along with his hand, "There are still mooncakes in the kitchen?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan, however, had already trained himself to jump off the couch, dive into the kitchen, and take out the toolbox underneath the storage box.
  This puppy dog's legs had already been cultivated to the point of being able to read brainwaves, Wei Qian felt old and relieved, while at the same time dissatisfiedly accusing Song Xiaobao, "Go away, it simply doesn't make sense with you."
  
  Song Xiaobao commiserated, "You didn't say anything at all!"
  
  He's had his TV fixed more than once ...... He's had everything fixed more than once.
  Wei Qian has long been a skilled laborer, sitting on the floor, removing the cover of the TV set in three tries. Song Xiaobao salivated and winked at the mooncake box, but Wei Zhiyuan lay on his shoulder and watched him check for faults, obediently.
  Wei Qian glanced at him and thought that this kid was even more brow-beating and sweet than the little girl.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him adoringly, "Brother is really great, I want to be a TV repairer in the future."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  Wei Zhiyuan stared at him with big, ignorant eyes.
  Wei Qian said, "My old man paid for your education so that you could be a TV repairman?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hesitantly said, "Then ...... I can be a TV seller!"
  
  Wei Qian lost his smile - the little brat pretending to be a fool as if he was cute.
  Since Wei Zhiyuan began to go to school properly, the report card has fully reflected the talent of this kid, Wei Qian himself as a child has been unusually precocious and early, in retrospect, are not necessarily better than his grades.
  
  In the evening, Wei Qian fixed the TV, took a knife and divided the mooncakes, and sat down to accompany them while eating the mooncakes and watching the TV series.
  
  In The Legend of the Eagle Shooting Heroes, Guo Jing has just left Mongolia and followed the Seven Monsters of Jiangnan back to the Central Plains, when there is a sudden knock on their door.
  The hand that knocked on the door was not heavy and seemed a little uncertain, knocking a few times, hesitating a few times.
  
  Wei Qian thought it was which brother, and did not wear a shirt, holding a cigarette exposed full of bandages and went to answer the door.
  
  As soon as he opened the door, he froze first, only to see a strange old woman standing in front of him.
  Old lady hair white, but hale and hearty, not tall, not yet to Wei Qian's shoulders, black and thin, wearing an old-fashioned rural elderly people go out when the common pairs of lapel cloth coats, the following is a not fat and not skinny nine-minute pants, trouser legs hanging, revealing her thin feet Lingding dry thin ankles.
  She was carrying a dusty traveling bag behind her back, a plastic bag full of empty cans and drink bottles in her hand, her hair was neatly combed, not a hair out of place, and her clothes were clean, about sixty or seventy years old, but her back wasn't bent and her back wasn't hunched.
  This old lady is probably a rag picker, but she is the most decent rag picker Wei Qian has ever seen.
  
  At the same time, the old lady somewhat fearfully surveyed the young man in front of her, who was obviously not a good citizen, obviously not expecting the door to be opened by such a person, but she did not back away, subconsciously puffed out her chest and raised her head, and opened her mouth with a strong sense of humor to ask: "Does Song Dawei live here?"
  Her attitude can not be said to be good, but also contains some kind of very unfriendly guard, Wei Qian did not have time to count, is that "Song Da Wei" three words too familiar, he did not remember who this is.
  
  Seeing that his face was blank and he didn't answer, the old lady added, "Then does Song Li Li live here as well?"
  "Song Li Li?" Wei Qian frowned and asked rhetorically, "What are you looking for her for?"
  
  Xiaobao heard it in the house and came bouncing out, "Hey! Who's looking for me?"
  
  As soon as she popped out at first, the old woman, who was dried up and thin and trying her best to show that she had no stage fright, suddenly shivered, and as she greedily and intently surveyed Song Xiaobao's head, which was so curious that she poked it over, she trembled more and more, and then, suddenly, and before Weiqian had a chance to stop it, she threw her arms around the little girl, and then cried out in a manner that was not at all dignified.
  It was not until then that Wei Qian realized that "Song Da Wei" was the father of Song Xiaobao, the short-lived stepfather who had given him a few good years of life.
  
  And very dramatically, this old lady is his stepfather's own mother.
  
  In earlier years, long-distance train tickets were expensive for rural residents in remote areas, the flow of migrant workers had just taken shape and had not yet become a climate, and it was very normal for those who went out to work at that time not to return home for three to five years; it was not convenient to make phone calls in the village, and relatives mainly relied on letters and remittances to contact each other.
  Later Song Dawei no news, the old lady was very anxious to come to see, but coincidentally, at that juncture, her partner had a stroke, she was distracted for a few years, entrusted to his son to write a few letters are also successively sinking into the sea - Weiqian his mother did not think of contacting the Song Dawei family at that time, she was netted in destructive drugs and death! She was netting on destructive drugs and making a fool of herself.
  
  Finally, just after this year's Dragon Boat Festival, the old lady's sickly old man followed in the footsteps of the late saint and completely blew out his lamp and kicked the pots and pans.
  Mrs. Song has turned into a thoroughbred
------------

Reading in sections 14

A lonely old woman to the core, she sent the old man crying, packed up her few belongings, barely scraped together some money, and traveled all the way by scavenging to the northern city she had seen on the post office money order to join her son.
  
  The old woman was still puffing out her chest and cross-eyed when she knocked on the door, and although she was carrying a bag of unsold cans, she was trying as best she could to maintain her country dignity in this strange city.
  And that dignity finally shattered into a handful of crumbs when she realized that her son had also died early.
  
  Mid-Autumn Festival, reunion festival, all the Chinese people reunion, who do not know in the dilapidated silo, there is an old woman panicked to find that her partner son turned out to be all gone, no one to give her old age, no one to give her the end of her life, the first half of her life have lived in vain, fell into a bleak evening.
  She sat on the floor and cried like a magic voice through the ears, stirring up everyone who hadn't even eaten their mooncakes.
  
  Wei Qian looked at the old black-and-white photo the old lady had brought along with her, on which the silly boy was vaguely the likeness of his short-lived stepfather, and checked the remittance slip she had brought with her, basically believing that she was really Xiao Bao's real grandmother.
  After all, it was a blood relative, although Wei Qian found this silly old bitch annoying, but in the end he didn't blow her out on the night of the August Festival, and temporarily took her in to live in the same house with Xiao Bao.
  
  But who knows that this old woman does not know good and bad, wiped dry the tears, her pair and Wei Qian's stepfather Song Da Wei as the same pair of small eyes are shrewd and cunning light, a sweep of the eyes know Wei Qian is not a good thing, ask him a few words on the sidelines, the first and pleasant, and later learned that he was a nightclub to watch the scene of the knife manipulation of the punks, the old lady finally unbearable.
  
  In those days, the old lady in the countryside did not understand what is a gangster, what is the triad, in her eyes, Wei Qian he is a bad hooligan who does not learn.
  ...... Of course, there is some truth to her observation.
  
  Of course the old lady couldn't let her precious granddaughter live with a smelly rascal, but she could also see that Xiao Bao was very dependent on this big brother.
  This old thing has experienced the complete modern history of China in her life, two wars, the change of dynasty, and even after the establishment of the country's various campaigns she all caught a complete, with the sky fighting with the people fighting for their joy, shrewd three monkeys are not changed.
  
  She knows that everything is about a strategy, so she did not and Wei Qian face to face, decided to stay put and think about how to get her granddaughter out of the hands of this hooligan "rescue".
  
  But Wei Qian didn't have time to worry about what she thought, because something happened that night.
  
  At 3:30 a.m., the door of Wei Qian's house was slammed with force, Wei Qian crawled up with a jolt, strangely enough, he was awakened so roughly when he slept the deepest, his first reaction was not to curse but to break out into a layer of cold sweat first - as if he had a premonition that something was wrong.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan dazedly wrapped in a blanket and climbed up, he did not know what happened, his brain was a muddle, instinctively barefoot jumped out of bed and followed Wei Qian to open the door.
  Wei Qian door is not yet fully pulled open, the doorway stuffed with a thing suddenly fell out, he picked up a look, only to see that it is an envelope, envelope a bunch of money.
  
  The doorway of the three fat also bare bladder, only wearing slippers and big pants, showing a white fat, obviously just rolled down from the bed, he was holding an identical envelope, did not wait for Wei Qian to react, three fat on the fly said: "is hemp! I got up in the middle of the night to pee before I saw this envelope, surely hemp that grandson stuffed!"
  
  At that moment, Wei Qian's mind was surprisingly calm, and he asked in a low voice, "Where did he get so much money?"
  
  Triple Fat: "Won't go back to selling to people ......"
  
  "Impossible!" Wei Qian cut him off, "Impossible, Third Brother, you don't know that group of people, they want you to sell your life for a long time, they will definitely hang on to you bit by bit, it's impossible to give you so much money in one go."
  
  Understanding that Wei Qian was hinting that Pocky might have done something more serious than drug trafficking, San Fatty looked at him with rare haste.
  
  "I saw him ...... this afternoon I should have seen that he was not right," Wei Qian's heart turned fast, he reached out and picked up the phone on the table, pressed a number, and called one of the brothers who was on duty in the latter part of the night of the day, and for a long time, Wei Qian put down the phone, and his face was hard to He was so happy to see that he was able to get a good look on his face, and his face was hard to see.
  
  "How ......" Three Fatty unconsciously held his breath and lowered his voice.
  
  "There is an accident tonight, I heard that a large group of police / police, searched inside and outside, but also took away a lot of people," Wei Qian quickly put on his jacket to wear shoes, "I did not see the hemp, hopefully he and this matter has nothing to do ...... "
  
  Three Fatty grabbed his arm, "What can he ...... he have to do with this?"
  Wei Qian lowered his voice, "How do I know? I'll go over and take a look, you go to the hospital and ask the nurse on duty to see if he's there at night."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly jogged to keep up with Wei Qian, who grabbed his arm and carried him back to the house, "What are you doing here? Go back to bed, not going to school tomorrow?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "I'll help you go out and find Brother Asako."
  
  "Little brat," Wei Qian glared at him impatiently, "You're doing me a big favor by not causing trouble."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's footsteps lurched, and his bright eyes immediately dimmed.
  He suddenly felt his own contradiction - if he showed his precocity, he wouldn't be able to get Big Brother's attention so easily, but if he acted as stupid as Little Treasure, even though he usually pleased Big Brother, when it mattered, he'd be treated as a furry child just like Little Treasure.
  
  The two "adults" have already panicked at this time, no one can care to speculate on Wei Zhiyuan's heart full of contradictions.
  
  "Qian'er ......" three fat did not move place, his palms are full of cold sweat, his voice is dry, "If he is caught by the police / police, what will be the end?"
  
  Wei Qian looked up at him from the unlit living room, his eyes black and white, his eyes like knives.
  "What do you say?" He asked rhetorically.
    Three Fatty's heart sank.
  


16. Chapter XVI

  Wei Qian went home at five o'clock in the morning and bought breakfast for his family in the meantime.
  
  His hair was all wet with a layer of dew, and he had the look on his face of a murderous demon intent on slaughtering the city.
  Mrs. Song woke up in a foreign land and saw such a classic devil's face, nearly gave a heart attack, and did not dare to come out of the atmosphere.
  Wei Qian bought soybean milk doughnuts - of course, it is made by other families, he thought a lot in his mind, seven up and down, all clueless.
  
  Wei Qian thought with annoyance in his heart, if in the end the hemp was proved to have not gone anywhere and was in the hospital with his mom, he must beat that son of a bitch into a bag of pork, cooked.
  
  But I'm afraid he doesn't have that chance.
  
  Three fat did not find hemp in the hospital, the two of them tried everything, but did not find hemp, until a few days later, an incoherent, ambiguous news came out - hemp is said to be dead.
  However, how he actually died, because of what died, no one can say clearly, many mouths are mixed up with more messy crawling, the crowd is blind coaxing, no one can say.
  It seems that some people are keeping quiet about it and those in the know are being silenced.
  
  Rumors of three thousand no one useful, the kind of living not see the body of the scorching is like a person racked on the fire, but in Wei Qian and three fat heart, they always feel that hemp can not be so silent death, they are still looking for, but all coincidentally did not mention the music, especially Wei Qian, he was born to the music of some kind of deep mustache and wariness.
  Asako's mother asked more than once about the hemp, Wei Qian and three fat to improvise all kinds of nonsense, sometimes there is no unity of purpose, who said out of turn, and then have to go to great lengths to round back.
  
  Wei Qian is also a human being, his energy is really limited, he inevitably neglected his home.
  
  It was a godsend for Mrs. Song, who set to work on her grand endeavor of setting fire to Wei Qian's backyard, and she varied her methods of getting close to Xiao Bao every day-which was easy enough, for a child to grow up with an irreplaceable emotional connection to an adult female elder, the kind of bond found in a mother, grandmother, or grandma,... But no closer father or brother can replace it.
  What's more, although Wei Qian loves Xiaobao, but not the ordinary family kind of pampering pain method, he thought in the heart, rarely hang on the side of the mouth, and even sometimes impatient, temper up, will also be fierce little girl a few sentences, in Song Xiaobao not long life, has never been in contact with the elders of the female meticulous love and comfort, inverted is simply a matter of time.
  
  Is it better to have a sweet-talking grandmother who cooks all kinds of delicious food every day in different ways, or is it better to have an older brother who has a debtor's face every day, and he can't tell the difference between a sandwich and a meal?
  
  Since Mrs. Song's arrival, the two children's lives have become almost comfortable with quality.
  Of course, despite this, Mrs. Song still couldn't buy Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan is like a little white-eyed wolf that can't get used to being raised, and he can't help but show gusts of hostility towards Mrs. Song, the "outsider" who suddenly entered their home, even though he tries to behave in a more understanding manner.
  Song old lady originally wanted to accept him as an ally, I did not expect this gentleman little age, but even "butt power" full, no matter how to cast his favor, his ass always firmly and his rogue brother sat on a bench.
  
  After a long time, Mrs. Song finally couldn't help but give up this front, she saw it, this little brat has few words and a lot of heart, belongs to the dog, eat and go.
  Mrs. Song then began to specialize in Song Xiaobao.
  
  From time to time, she would ask Bo in a joking, teasing tone, "Who's your favorite? Is grandma better or brother?"
  to test the progress of her grand plan for peaceful change.
  
  Unlike the silly Song Xiaobao, the first time she asked this, Wei Zhiyuan realized the old woman's sinister intentions, and he immediately took non-violent non-cooperation measures - no longer eating at the same table with this grandchildren, rather starving until midnight, waiting for big brother to come back, and casually eating a couple of mouthfuls of leftovers together.
  
  At first, Song would imitate him and wait with him, but within two days, the little renegade with a weak stance surrendered to the tantalizing food.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had expected that there would be such a day, she is not a day or two of laziness, in this regard the enemy is too powerful, he is not a rival.
  And deep down in Wei Zhiyuan's heart, he wasn't too unhappy about Song Xiaobao's defection, instead he had a vague sense of stolen joy.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan knew he shouldn't think like this, but he just couldn't help it.
  
  "No Song Xiaobao, from now on, brother is his alone" this kind of thought all the time tempted him, like a seed in the heart to take root and germinate, even with the fire can not be burned out, the spring breeze, and then again sprouted and sprouted.
  
  In the beginning, Song Xiaobao smiled at Mrs. Song's childish question, or looked at it differently, so Mrs. Song knew that her answer was "I like my brother", and slowly she began to loosen up and answered "I like them all" instead. Mrs. Song was quite complacent, thinking that she was only one step away from the goal. Finally, one day, Song Xiaobao's answer became "whoever is nice to me is my favorite".
  
  Mrs. Song knew then that it was time.
  
  Small half a year has passed, into the winter, on the lotus pond, knotted shallow ice, Wei Qian they can finally be sure, hemp died - this time it is the official news released by the local police, said they recently cracked down on a drug trafficking smuggling case, on the spot to capture the suspect three, on the way to the arrest, were suspects resisting, a person was shot dead.
  
  The one who was killed was Asako.
  
  Before that mid-autumn night when the autumn tiger was fierce, someone gave Asako a large sum of money, a pistol, a cell phone and a kilogram of heroin/robin.
  At that time, hemp son vaguely felt something, his brain is not very good, does not mean that he is really stupid to find the north, he and his brothers in fact are not considered to be mixed gangster, not to walk the right way, they are just the seams of the lingering fish and shrimp, fish and shrimp is not easy to survive, and therefore know that the tide rises and falls and the winds of the letter to come in the circle of the black and the black, the bottom of the money comes more easily, and also the more dangerous.
  
  But those people had checked out his family and knew that he couldn't say no no matter what.
  Asako did not want to drag his third brother and Qian'er, they are not easy for anyone, are from the teeth of the money saved, to him and his mother, spend that money, he often can not sleep in the middle of the night.
  Maybe if he'd had a little chutzpah, he wouldn't have gone off the deep end.
  
  Mid-Autumn Festival night, he ate in the hospital after this life ate the most expensive moon cakes, he turned around and divided the money into three, two back to Wei Qian and three fat, one wrapped up and buried in the small bungalow he lived in front of the acacia tree, counting the money left for his mother's old age to send to the end of the money.
  
  Then he muddled along with his gun and drugs and followed the instructions on the phone ......
  
  Before he closed his eyes, he didn't know who he was scapegoating or what he was dying for.
  He was born humble and died confused.
  
  Wei Qian got drunk that day in a smelly tavern - even as a fighter, he did his job diligently, and this was the first time he had ever skipped work.
  
  Although the hemp died in a confused manner, Wei Qian's heart was as clear as a mirror.
  
  Nightclub is Le's industry, the man's desire to control nearly neurotic, without his meddling, Wei Qian does not believe that someone can drug trafficking on his turf, and this matter is so big, from the central to the local winds are tight to death, ? accounted for the headlines of the major newspapers, Le ...... Le Xiaofeng is still alone and stalwart, in the end, it is him! The first time I saw him, I was so happy to see him, but I was so happy to see him, I was so happy to see him.
  The man he held in his heart like a shrine when he was a teenager came crashing down and took the life of his stupid brother.
  
  Wei Qian also did not want to go home, facing the group of old and young, he had a great grievance in his heart had to be held back, holding him to the limit.
  He had given a soaking to a drunken mess by the time the three fat ones found him.
  
  "Sango ......," the teenager's eyes could barely focus, staring vacantly at the yellowed and blackened corners of the small hotel, his voice so weak that it seemed to be blocked by something in his throat.
  Three Fatty grabbed his bottle, "Not counting the one that's gone, you want to drink one to death, don't you?"
  Wei Qian was taken by him and fell limply onto the table, where he lay on his back, his head tilted to one side, and said softly, "Third Brother, do you think he can do anything about a stammerer who goes down to that side and can't even say he understands his own grievances?"
  
  said, and the tears ran noiselessly down the inside of his eyes
------------

Reading in sections 15

The corner stayed, trickled over the straight nose, and slid into his mouth.
  Wei Qian slumped rotten on the table and put up his elbow, blocking his face.
  And then he swallowed his tears and hissed a laugh.
  
  There is this life, be a brother, there is no afterlife, think of you again.
  
  That day was the eighth day of the lunar calendar, and it snowed on the eighth day of the lunar calendar, and the whole street was covered with slush and ice after the snow melted.
  
  Wei Qian pushed the door into the home all drunk, the house Wei Zhiyuan in the corner of the small table to write homework, Mrs. Song is teaching Xiaobao to do Lapacho garlic, an old man and a little would have been laughing and joking, but in the moment he entered the door, miraculously silent together.
  Wei Qian was not a sensitive person, however, the change in atmosphere was too obvious, and for a moment, he felt like an outlaw who had broken into someone else's house, and an indescribable taste rushed upwards along with a burst of alcohol, which made him nauseous.
  
  Fortunately, at this time Wei Zhiyuan raised his head and called him as usual, "Brother."
  Wei Qian's face must have looked ugly as hell, Wei Zhiyuan glanced at him and immediately jumped down from his chair and ran to his side, "Brother, what's wrong with you?"
  
  Wei Qian waved his hand without saying a word, turned around and walked into the restroom, puking his liver.
  
  He felt his sudden ups and downs come inexplicably, and tried to force himself to convince himself that the moment of unspeakable embarrassment he felt when he pushed the door in was petty.
  He was already burnt out enough, Wei Qian didn't want to make trouble out of nothing, he desperately attempted to comfort himself by saying that he was overthinking things, however it didn't work, it was just hard on his heart.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately poured being water and served it to him, wrapping his arms around his waist like a small adult and patting his back, Wei Qian spat out the acidic water before barely straightening his back and taking the cup of water and rinsing his mouth.
  
  He had a splitting headache and was heartbroken, yet when faced with Wei Zhiyuan, he only asked casually, "Have you finished your homework?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan nodded and reached out to support him, but Wei Qian staggered and refused.
  
  Beneath Wei Qian's miserably calm face, his sky-turning heart stirred his insides into a volcano that could erupt at any time.
  And by the time he heard what Mrs. Song was saying to his sister, the dangerous equilibrium had finally broken.
  
  He heard that asshole old bitch pointing and cursing at Song Xiaobao, "We, Li Li ah, in the future, we must study well, go to university in the future, become a scientist, but not learn bad things from unsavory people, do you hear me?"
  She said it is not enough, have to mean to look back at the gloomy Wei Qian standing there, as if not afraid of being heard by him, after such a long time of mapping and visiting, the old lady has long seen, that surnamed Wei's boy now boasts of a "road mixing man", to life to save face, will not be a small to her, how is the old lady, at most dare to colorful and fierce pretend to scare her. How about the old lady, at most dare to color the weak inside to pretend to be fierce to scare her.
  
  Even Wei Zhiyuan heard her strings, and he looked up at his little sister, then at his big brother, and finally stared at Old Mrs. Song with hatred.
  
  Old Mrs. Song continued unforgivingly, "If you don't go to school properly, you'll become the dregs of society, understand? Those people who loiter are not good people, Grandma told you, what are they called?"
  Song Xiaobao, a little two hundred and five lackadaisical, said, "Rascal!"
  
  The old lady with a serious expression reached out and scraped her face, "That's right, stinky hooligan, we are girls, we can't be with stinky hooligans all the time, or else we'll see who dares to want you in the future, and your reputation will be ruined."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan sank his face and said word for word, "My big brother is not a rogue!"
  
  Song Xiaobao froze, confused, looked at him, looked at his big brother, and looked at his grandmother, and only then did he realize that this was a serious family change.
  Wei Zhiyuan got anxious, threw the cup aside, walked up, pointed at the old lady's nose and said, "My big brother is not a hooligan!"
  "Alright, shut up and go do your homework in the house." Wei Qian subdued him with a slap, carried one in one hand and threw Wei Zhiyuan and Song Xiaobao into the bedroom, the
  
  Wei Qian over their own days more or less a little rough and tumble, the family's behavior, occasionally let him feel twisted a bit, turn his face will not be taken seriously, however, Mrs. Song's words have been explicitly and implicitly said to this, how can he not understand what she is thinking?
  Wei Qian sat down in front of Old Mrs. Song with a big horse, sizing her up with an unfriendly face, and said nonchalantly, "Old thing, what do you want?"
  
  Old Mrs. Song finally straightened her back, her entire body resembling a mortar ready to fire.
  Then she declared war on Wei Qian, "I'm going to take Li Li away."
   
Author's note: basically abused to the bottom of the plot should be to go up after the "have this life as a brother did not think of you in the next life" - "brother" Ren Xianqi



17. Chapter XVII 

  Wei Qian even his own mother dared to face directly called "bitch", simply do not put this little old woman in the eyes, on the spot sneered, used his very mean, said: "What do you think you are? To roll their own roll, less think of my sister, don't think that you an old man do not have a few years to live, I would not dare to send you to the road in advance."
  
  He was very uneducated - of course, given his life experience, if he could be educated in such a situation, the man must have crossed over.
  
  The old lady has lived for sixty or seventy years, has not encountered such no old no young bastard, thanks to her many years of labor, health, or else can be on the spot to the angry fainting past.
  
  People can't help but become even more assholes when faced with assholes, so the old lady took out the old generation of rural women who spilled their guts and rolled around, and said without showing any weakness, "OK, no problem, if you have the ability, you can beat me to death, you just beat me to death, I'm turning into a ghost but also have to take my granddaughter away, I'm going to take her to live in a chicken coop and pigsty and I can't let her fall into the hands of this hooligan of yours! "
  
  Wei Qian looked at her grimly, the malice in his gaze was as if it was substantial, the teenager had almost grown out of a grown man's physique, broad shoulders and narrow waist, his body still bore the scars left by the brawl, adding a bit of indescribable hostility, the old lady instinctively cowered a bit.
  
  ???????,?????????????,????????????,????:"????????! If you are able to kill me, you are also a shameless hooligan! Isn't that all you've got? What else can you do? I don't have many years left to live, so I'm not afraid of you. I don't care!"
  
  Before her spittle had time to flutter out of her mouth, she was pushed to the table by Wei Qian's brutal force, Wei Qian finally did not want to lose face for once, and overturned Mrs. Song together with the wooden table, and the vinegar for soaking Lapacho garlic spilled all over the place, choking with the sour smell.
  Mrs. Song let out an "ouch" and sat on the ground on all fours with two cloves of garlic ridiculously on her head, then she took a deep breath, and with her loud voice that could be heard for miles and miles, she sat on the ground and yelled: "Murder! Murder! Stinking hooligans kill ......"
  
  Her shouts came to an abrupt end as Wei Qian grabbed Old Mrs. Song by the collar, his sinewy hands squeezing her wrinkled neck.
  Old Mrs. Song's neck was as thin as a chicken's neck, and was held over by one of his hands, her skin was loose and pitiful, Wei Qian deadlocked her neck and lifted her off the ground alive.
  
  This handsome teenager's eyes were full of shadows, his description was cold, but his palms were hot, and his hands were strangely strong, as if he was determined to strangle this old woman.
  Song old lady can not struggle at all, she is like a fish that fell to the shore like limbs fluttering, futilely with clipped convex nails picking at the meat on Wei Qian's arm, her face quickly turned greenish purple.
  
  Wei Qian felt that he almost pinched her organs and spine - after he dropped out of school, his days were lawless, and the blood in his heart surged for a while, and he easily crossed the barrier of the thought of killing and setting fire to the heart, and at that moment, Wei Qian really wanted to strangle this dead old bitch so alive.
  
  Old Mrs. Song stuck out her tongue and started to roll her eyes, just then, a girl's scream suddenly came from the bedroom doorway behind Wei Qian: "Brother!"
  
  The door of the hut opened at an unknown time, Song Xiaobao and Wei Zhiyuan stood there, Wei Zhiyuan's face was stony, Song Xiaobao's sharp childlike voice was like a sword piercing straight to the tip of his heart, and the tendon in Wei Qian's brain was gently rattled.
  
  He finally reacted, he was really close to killing someone, or in his own home, and was horrified to let go of his hand, Mrs. Song was unsteady on her feet, and as soon as he let go of her hand, she slid down the wall and sat on the floor, choking and pouring out uncontrollable air.
  
  Wei Qian blocked the pouncing Xiao Bao with one hand, squatted down and smashed the old lady's chest a few times with force, and pressed her manzhong with force like on TV.
  
  It was a while before the old woman poured on this breath, coughing first with a startling cough, and then she rolled back her black eyes, her voice still hoarse, but her fighting spirit still shining brightly.
  Ignoring the fact that she had just walked on the ghost gate for the morning, the first thing she said when she came to her senses was pointing at Wei Qian's nose and saying morosely, "Thousand-killing little brute, you b*tch/breeder!"
  
  Before Wei Qian had a chance to get a boner at those words, Xiao Bao jumped headfirst into the old lady's arms, "Grandma!"
  
  Song old lady thought of her own late life was so bleak as this, widowed and unemployed, thousands of miles to the city to join her son, was told that she had lost her son in old age, and then let a little beast bully her into this ...... She was suddenly sad, and the two mothers and children hugged each other and cried.
  
  Wei Qian's expression was numb, his heart was also numb, he stood beside him at a loss for a while, he finally sighed and tentatively reached out his hand to touch Xiao Bao's hair, but he was viciously opened by Old Lady Song's ferocious slap.
  
  This old woman was very amazing, ghostly crying like this, but it didn't stop her from cursing.
  "Don't touch my granddaughter, you stinking rascal and murderer! Sooner or later I'll shoot you! You'll die a horrible death!"
  
  For a moment, Wei Qian actually thought she was right.
  He came back from the great shock, grief and anger and suddenly felt disheartened.
  
  Old Mrs. Song packed a simple bag and led Xiao Bao away in front of him, Wei Qian leaned against the wall and watched without stopping or even uttering a word.
  With one hand held by her grandmother, Bao passively followed her outside, constantly looking back at her big brother.
  
  The elder brother's eyes were bloodshot and his whole body looked exhausted as he watched her leave all the way.
  Bao thought he'd say something, but he didn't say anything, and that look was imprinted on her tiny, clueless heart for the rest of her life, never to be erased.
  
  The door "bam" in front of Wei Qian's face closed, for a while, he sat down on the floor as if he had lost his strength, lit a cigarette, leaning against the wall, held in his mouth, his heart is blank, can not cry or laugh, just want to fall back to sleep, but he knows that he probably can not sleep.
  
  The hemp is gone, the little treasure is gone ...... and still sleeping my ass.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan silently rubbed over and placed the ashtray on Wei Qian's hand, carefully leaning next to him.
  
  Wei Qian looked up at him, Wei Zhiyuan hastily stopped himself, cautiously observing if his big brother was annoyed, and when he found out that he wasn't, he tried to approach more carefully, and in the end, Wei Zhiyuan wrapped his arms around one of Wei Qian's arms.
  Realizing that his big brother didn't object, he tentatively squeezed himself into Wei Qian's arms again and leaned his head against him, sniffing the somewhat pungent smell of tobacco on him.
  
  "...... The hemp is gone." Wei Qian suddenly spoke.
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his head and saw Wei Qian's gaze falling unfocused on the floor, intuiting that his words were not addressed to himself--Wei Qian, no matter what he called himself, never called him and Xiaobao "Pocky", but "Your Pocky! He always said, "Your pazi brother".
  
  So Wei Zhiyuan had the sense not to say anything and listened quietly.
  Wei Qian gathered him a little tighter, the boy's warm body heat giving him indescribable comfort.
  
  After this sentence, Wei Qian had no more voice, he couldn't pour out.
  Suffering had dulled his nerves, and he had long ago lost the ability to express his feelings truthfully.
  
  When Wei Qian finished smoking all the cigarettes on his body, he remembered Wei Zhiyuan, and the child had already fallen asleep like a tailless bear hugging his arm and leaning into his arms.
  Wei Zhiyuan began to have a little drawstring, feet first grew up, close to the adult model, but the bones are still tender, standing up is not short, shrinking up but still a small ball.
  
  Growing up so slowly - Wei Qian lowered his eyes to look at him sighing tersely.
  And then he stubbed out his cigarette, stooped down, carefully picked up the child and laid him on the bed, and, as usual, turned out the light and lay down together.
  
  There was something extremely powerful about the sudden darkness that crushed his braced strength and self-righteous numbness almost instantly.
  
  Wei Qian opened his dry eyes and thought, he is a b*tchy smelly hooligan, even his own sister who was raised by his own hands does not want to be with him, a person like him living and living such a difficult life is not even a little bit of value at all.
  What's the point of living?
  Might as well be dead.
  
  Wei Qian was born in winter, at the end of the waxing moon, when the day had not yet arrived, that is to say, he had not yet reached the age of seventeen.
  He didn't live to be a big man, but he thought of death first.
  
  Of course, despite thinking so, Wei Qian still didn't die.
  Dying is not as easy as flashing a thought and saying go, even if he doesn't want to live, he would never dare to die.
  
  He'll have to agonize over what to do with Asako's mom after that.
  He also had to go and collect Asako's body back, he couldn't wash away the sin and suffering that Asako had carried, the only thing he could do was to clean up this thought that he had left on earth and give it a proper burial.
  
  Carrying too much. He can't afford to die.
  
  Wei Qian is still gloomy and numb to live his days, every day to go to Le's nightclub to work as his thugs, take Le's money, the growing hatred in his heart to hide, only in the depths of the night, a person with eyes open to look at the ceiling, over and over again to remind themselves, sooner or later he will have to Le Xiaodong's life.
  And then forcefully went to discuss with Sanfat, what to do about Asako's aftermath, whether to tell Asako's mom, and when to pick her up and discharge her from the hospital.
  
  Only Wei Zhiyuan, who was home on winter vacation, stayed with him peacefully and quietly, at least a living thing that could breathe.
  Only Wei Zhiyuan could make Wei Qian feel a bit of life - he was still so young, still knew nothing, still had a future, and still had to rely on himself wholeheartedly.
  
  Wei Qian raised Wei Zhiyuan, but also from the child to draw the smallest hope, and he deeply understand the meaning of "dependent on each other".
  
  The three fat men came to his house, and at first marveled at the
------------

Reading in sections 16

After asking Xiao Bao and Old Mrs. Song why they weren't there, and after being attacked like crazy by Wei Qian, he immediately got over it and stopped mentioning it.
  For a while there, no one dared to mention Song Xiaobao in Wei Qian's ear.
  
  The atmosphere in the house was dull for many days, Wei Qian even started to eat perfunctorily, San Fat was afraid that he would starve himself alive, so he came to his house every day like a masochist, coaxing the children to cook like a capricious bellhop and making sure that the TV played entertaining and humorous programs twenty-four hours a day.
  Unfortunately, it's ineffective, and the more entertaining the TV gets, the colder reality seems.
  
  Inside the TV, Mr. Ma Sanli is saying, "I'm just kidding", the three fat people sitting on a chair laughing with their backs and forth and their fat flesh trembling, Wei Zhiyuan just raised the corner of his mouth for a moment, then remembered what time to turn his head to look at Wei Qian, and found that his elder brother's expression was blank, so he also followed the little smile back, and similarly put on a look of indifference.
  
  These two brothers, one big and one small, are listening to the comedy with the expression of going to the grave, a mold carved out of the spoiler.
  Three fat more and more laugh more and more lonely, finally turned into a dry laugh, had to helplessly shut his mouth, and then the fun package is tasteless.
  
  Wei Qian silent for a while, will light a cigarette turned to the window, he was all heavy smoke smell choking, three fat said he is turning into a tall skinny pipe.
  
  And that's when Song came back.
  
  Wei Qian really thought that he would never see Xiao Bao again in his life, so when he saw her when he opened the door, he didn't react for half a minute.
  He did not react to the performance is expressionless, making Song Xiaobao more and more anxious, the little girl is like a big crime to punish the nine clans, timidly called out "brother", carrying her small schoolbag, with the chin pointing to the chest penitent posture stood alone in the doorway.
  
  Only then did Wei Qian's sanity slowly return unnoticed, the first thing he did was to sweep outside and realized that that old, undead, stupid old bitch hadn't even followed, so it seemed that Song Xiaobao had sneaked back all by himself.
  His heart finally exploded without a care in the world.
  
  Wei Qian slowly half squatted down, his gaze flush with Xiao Bao, stretched out his hands, holding her tiny, thin shoulders, and opened his mouth to ask, "How ...... cough did you come back?"
  Wei Qian tried as hard as he could not to react that strongly, but he still didn't manage to finish the sentence in one go, and his voice broke in the middle of it, so he had to clear his throat and drag out his voice, which made the tone of his sentence sound almost gentle.
  
  Song Xiao Bao: "I miss my big brother ......"
  
  Wei Qian meditatively lowered his head, in a place where she could not see, gently closed his eyes, then for a moment, the little girl's words, pulled him out of the swamp alive, he found that the thoughts of not wanting to live that always dazzled around him miraculously dissipated.
  
  He didn't know how to express the ups and downs, maybe by hugging Bo around? Or hugging and crying with her? Wei Qian didn't think he could do either, so he just stood up in silence and said lightly, "Oh."
  He couldn't seem to think of anything else but that one word, and he pulled the door open to let Bao in, and when he saw that she didn't dare move a muscle, he remembered, and added, "Come in, then."
  
  Xiao Bao knew she was a traitor, she didn't expect her big brother to still want her, and her whole body was flattered.
  She walked in with trepidation, first as if amnestied with a sigh of relief, at the same time, saw the big brother seems to be dispensable attitude, Xiaobao heart and welled up some kind of indescribable happiness, with her childish and undeveloped logic, she was glad that she came back in time, maybe two days later, big brother will really decide not to want her.
  
  Xiao Bao approached Wei Qian, and immediately smelled a strong and pungent smell of smoke from him, she had always disliked the smell of smoke very much, and couldn't help but rub her nose, but didn't dare to say anything, she was afraid that her big brother would change his mind, and wouldn't allow her to come in the door anymore.
  
  Wei Qian, however, saw it keenly.
  He bent down and took out a new set of clothes from the cupboard and said to Sanfat, "Is there any more fried rice in the pot? You serve her a bowl."
  Third Fatty watched their interaction with cold eyes, sighed, waved at Song Xiaobao, greeted her in front of him, stroked her hair kindly, glanced at Wei Qian, and casually asked, "What are you doing?"
  
  Wei Qian: "I'll take a shower."
  
  Three Fatty: "It's not time to go to bed what are you washing early? Besides, did you boil the water?"
  Wei Qian: "No, I use cool water."
  
  Three Fatty: "Cold shower on a cold winter day, are you sick?"
  Wei Qian pushed him away with a handful of clothes in his hand, and at the speed of light, he broke away from his previous state of walking corpse and resumed his usual domineering and asshole: "I'm happy to do it, what are you squawking like an old hen for? Want to lay eggs?"
  
  Triple Fat: "...... Yeah, how about that?"
  Wei Qian glanced at him, "Hold it in, we'll go down again tomorrow."
  
  Triple Fat: "......"
  Sango realized that with her simple heart and smooth-as-egg cerebral cortex, she really couldn't keep up with Young Master Wei's realm of thought.
  
  In fact, Wei Qian's thoughts weren't much more complicated, he was just afraid that the smell of smoke from his body would smoke his sister.
  As well as ...... he just had a moment of disbelief and got a little brain dead.
  
  Xiao Bao is his own sister, in this world, collectively there is only so much blood left in her that is connected to him, he raised her from the time when she was not as long as one of his arms, and has raised her until she is so big.
  How deep the feelings were, he couldn't even tell himself, she was sometimes less like his sister and more like his daughter.
  
  Xiao Bao is almost his entire childhood and teenage years of support, Wei Qian even if he sacrifices his life, he can not give up this her.
  ...... Even if Song Xiao Bao is a stinky girl who eats and eats.
  
  Wei Qian was frozen by the cool water and thought to himself: how cheap am I?
  
  Xiao Bao called out to Wei Zhiyuan expectantly, "Second brother."
  Wei Zhiyuan look at her is annoying, do not want to take care of, on the one hand heartbroken big brother, on the one hand ......
  
  He coldly watched the interaction between his elder brother and Xiao Bao, who acted so subtly and introspectively that Xiao Bao would get the wrong idea, SanFat didn't understand, and he was the only one who somehow comprehended the situation and became more and more upset.
  Suddenly, Wei Zhiyuan realized without a teacher that competing for favors was the correct route to take in his life.
  


18. Chapter XVIII 

  Wei Zhiyuan for two whole days, determined not to say a word to the enemy Song Xiaobao, as long as Wei Qian is at home, the boy will follow him every day inside and outside.
  Every time Wei Qian turned around, he tripped behind him, Wei Qian was really annoyed by him following him, but he also knew why Wei Zhiyuan was so twisted, so he didn't want to get mad at him.
  
  So Wei Qian made a rare lighthearted peace: "Play well together, don't fight."
  
  This time it was the holy decree that came down, Wei Zhiyuan had no choice but to thank the Lord and reestablish friendship with Song Xiaobao with a lot of resentment.
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan fought for favor, Song Xiaobao really couldn't catch up - there was no way around it, she was really born with fewer muscles in this area.
  
  For example, as soon as Wei Qian pushed the door in, you can find the little boy alone, low head sweeping and wiping the table, Xiaobao eyes long in the face like gasping for air, familiarly sitting on the sofa to watch TV. She just came back, Wei Qian also do not want to make trouble with his sister, just not salty to say her two sentences, but in sharp contrast to this, is that he rewarded Wei Zhiyuan extra ten dollars for pocket money.
  
  The next day, the red-eyed Song Xiaobao climbed up in the morning and puffed and puffed to do cleaning in the house, and finished it neatly before noon, Wei Zhiyuan watched with cold eyes, simply wanting to sneer. Sure enough - Wei Qian came back in the evening and didn't even notice that the house had gotten cleaner.
  
  Another example was when Wei Qian finished taking a shower at night and looked around for the dirty socks he had taken off, intending to wash them by hand, only to find that Wei Zhiyuan was hanging the cleaned socks on the clothesline. On that day, Wei Zhiyuan shook his head and enjoyed his big brother's somewhat embarrassed head touch and praise.
  Song Xiaobao was envious and jealous, so she attempted to follow suit, and the next day, she put her little claws into her big brother's changed underwear, which was snatched away by Wei Qian with a blush, as well as ...... she got a roar from her big brother that was like being stomped on the tail, "What are you blindly moving?"
  
  It was evident how unfair the human world was - Wei Zhiyuan and Song Xiaobao actually really belonged to the same species!
  
  As soon as Mrs. Song realized that Xiao Bao had disappeared, she knew that she had gone back to the "little rascal".
  Not far from this shantytown where Wei Qian and the others live, there is a privately-run group dormitory, divided into men and women, exclusively for city workers to stay in, with one dollar a day for one person - if Xiaobao sleeps with her grandmother, then the two of them will only have to pay for one person as well.
  Mrs. Song originally intended to save up a little money, take Xiaobao to find a small bungalow to rent a room, really can't, she will take Xiaobao back to her hometown together.
  
  I didn't realize that as soon as the idea of "going back home" was thrown out, Xiaobao ran away, not wanting to let go of the home she had lived in for nearly ten years.
  
  Ever since she came home, Mrs. Song has been sneaking around Wei Qian's house every day in order to sneak a peek at Xiao Bao while Wei Qian is out.
  The year is coming to an end, winter is rampant, a young girl in the women's dormitory unfortunately infected with contagious tuberculosis, the people had to move en masse while dispersing in a flurry of activity, while suspiciously feeling whether or not they were coughing and having a low-grade fever.
  
  Mrs. Song also carried her roll of luggage and moved out.
  She was walking through the overly chaotic city when she saw a homeless man freezing to death under a hole in a bridge, she stopped for a moment and realized that the man had been unattended to and was freezing to death, it wasn't until the middle of the afternoon that a middle-aged couple who happened to be passing by stopped to check on them, and then reported it to the police.
  A police car soon drove up and pulled the man away, and Mrs. Song listened to passersby talk, knowing that if the man survived, he might be sent to a homeless shelter or deported back to his place of origin.
  
  Origin ......
  Mrs. Song looked up at the pale and gloomy sky in this northern city and thought to herself: it's almost New Year's Eve, why don't I go back home?
  
  Yet is it still a year when a lone wife spends it alone?
  Old Mrs. Song lowered her head, wiped a handful of frozen out snot, and made up her mind not to have this old face.
  
  And Song finally lived up to his name by elbowing his way out again.
  It was the 23rd day of the Lunar New Year, and when Wei Qian came home with the sugar melons he had just bought and the meat for the dumplings, he saw a mess in front of his house, and there was a silent war going on inside.
  
  Song Xiaobao is greedy, can not let go of the big brother who brought her up from childhood, and can not let go of the grandmother who is connected by blood, so when the grandmother wiped her tears and came to the door, she was still put in ...... even though everything that had happened before was enough for her to understand the sword between the grandmother and the big brother.
  
  Big brother has not yet returned, Wei Zhiyuan, who has been as transparent as not saying anything, quit first.
  
  Ever since Xiaobao recognized this second brother and stopped provoking the beginning, Wei Zhiyuan had always been nice to her, hardly ever turning the other cheek with her, as if a title could make a child know how to be humble and take care of it - the cold war of the first two days didn't count, and Song Xiaobao admitted to herself that she was at a disadvantage.
  
  That's why Xiao Bao didn't expect Wei Zhiyuan's reaction to be that big, he was like a vicious dog that had been invaded into his territory, aggressively staring at Old Lady Song and Xiao Bao at the door.
  But at the slightest reaction that they intended to cross the line, he was ready to pounce and fight to the death.
  Old Mrs. Song has always disliked Wei Qian, but she doesn't have much of a problem with Wei Zhiyuan--Wei Zhiyuan is just a child, pretty, and with a personality that doesn't invite annoyance, and at first glance, is more pleasing to the eye than the rowdy Xiaobao.
  
  Old Mrs. Song first stood in the doorway and tried to reason with him, but unfortunately Wei Zhiyuan didn't listen to a single human word, and that kind of fierce and even resentful eyes, shooting out from such a big little boy, looked especially creepy.
  
  Giving up on solving the problem peacefully with him, Mrs. Song took a step toward the door and let her luggage in.
  Wei Zhiyuan snatched the old lady's bag and threw it out without mercy. He was still not enough, turned around and started to throw Song Xiaobao's school bag, Song Xiaobao's things on the table, and threw all these out, he turned around and ran to the bedroom, and threw out the pillows and quilts on Xiaobao's bed in a brainstorming manner.
  
  If only Song Xiaobao didn't exist, if only both of them didn't exist--Wei Zhiyuan was overwhelmed by anger, and only these words were left in his heart.
  
  Song Xiaobao went to push him, and was backhandedly pushed into an ass-crouch by Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  "Traitor!" He pointed at Song's nose, hypocritically refraining from articulating his claim, first convicting her of a trumped-up crime to instinctively cover his heart, "You're just a big traitor!"
  
  Song tried to plead his case at first: "I'm not a traitor, that's my grandmother."
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Bah! She's a shameless old hag!"
  
  Once Song Xiaobao heard this, he also quit and jumped to his feet, "You scolded my grandmother! What right do you have to scold my grandmother? This is my house! My brother! My grandmother! You don't belong to my family! You go!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze for two seconds, and at once ran out of words.
  
  He cooled down from his intense anger and realized that there was no problem at all with what Song said.
  Wei Zhiyuan has almost forgotten that this is indeed not his home, Wei Qian is indeed not his own brother, and he is indeed not qualified to decide, let who enter the door and not let who enter the door this issue.
  
  The boy's anger dissipated and he was dumbfounded, his face flushed red, unable to tell if it was anger or shame.
  In the blink of an eye, his young self-esteem was shattered to pieces.
  
  Song Xiaobao blurted out a sentence and immediately regretted it, but her clumsy nature in this aspect of human affairs once again prevailed, and even if she regretted it, she didn't know what to do, so she could only keep her stubborn and capricious expression and stood still.
  The two children were silent for a minute at the same time, and then without a word Wei Zhiyuan crossed over to her and turned to walk outside.
  
  Song Xiaobao finally felt something was wrong and called out to him in a small voice, "Second brother."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't even stop.
  
  Empty-handed, he sulked out the door with a bleak determination that was almost broken.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gritted his teeth and thought: go away, it's nothing, at most then go to the dumpster and the wild dogs to grab something to eat, in any case, than before is certainly strong, he has grown up three years old, consciously a man, not to mention the wild dogs, even if that day encountered the unsuspecting adults, he can use a steel pipe to defeat ......
  
  Then he winds up smothering his head into a man's arms.
  
  The familiar, bad smell of cigarette smoke from the man's grip on his back
------------

Reading in sections 17

Passed, so that Wei Zhiyuan's mood in an instant changed in a way that he himself could not even understand - he blinked the work, from a courageous man to a small boy full of aggression.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan buried his face in Wei Qian's arms and grasped him with a deadly grip, standing motionless, not allowing his brother to move in, and refusing to raise his head, he desperately tried to hold back from crying, and his two hands clutched out layer upon layer of folds in Wei Qian's coat.
  
  As soon as Wei Qian looked up, he saw the messy luggage and bedding in the hallway, the old lady Song whose face turned from embarrassment to defense ...... and Xiao Bao who was timidly looking at him.
  
  Wei Qian took a deep breath, and had the heart to slap this old thing to death, but Xiao Bao ...... his precious girl was so hard to come back.
  He threw in the towel.
  
  Wei Qian understands that if he wants to keep Xiao Bao, he probably has to give in to this dried up, thin, bodyless, stinking old woman ...... even though the lump in his heart is as big as a fist, and he hates to break through his chest and holler out.
  
  He prided himself on never bowing ...... to anyone in his life even if he was as cheap as dirt until his sister forced him to compromise for the first time in his life with tearful eyes.
  
  Stalemate for a while, Wei Qian finally reached out and gently pushed Wei Zhiyuan's shoulders, the child squirmed and refused to move, Wei Qian then slightly used a little force, broke his chin and lifted Wei Zhiyuan's head.
  The teenager sighed and picked out the biggest sugar melon from the paper bag and stuffed it into Wei Zhiyuan's mouth.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan licked it in a haze and found it to be sweet, he loved sweet food, but not the sugar melon kind of sweetness, so he pushed it aside with his tongue, a piece of his cheek bulging out, he used his teeth to separate the sugar melon from his tongue and waited for it to slowly melt.
  
  Immediately afterward, Wei Qian shoved both the plastic bag and the paper bag in his hand into his arms, then reached his hands under his armpits, picked him up like a kitten, and carried him into the house.
  
  "Help me wash the vegetables, let's eat dumplings tonight." Wei Qian said, deliberately ignoring the fact that there were two other people in the room, he asked Wei Zhiyuan in an almost soft manner, "Is the sugar melon good?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hesitated and nodded, after a while, the little boy secretly reclaimed the sugar melons isolated to the outside of his teeth back into his mouth, licked it, and felt that it was also okay, not that hard to eat.
  
  Wei Qian didn't pay any attention to Old Mrs. Song, nor did he stop Xiao Bao from putting her in, nor did he help Xiao Bao pick up anything.
  ...... But Song Lao Tai came into the kitchen period, observed his reaction for a few moments, and tried his hand at chopping the filling and rolling out the dough, and he likewise did not say anything.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's heart was in a difficult state, Song Xiaobao's heart was in a state of anxiety, and the one remaining adult and a teenager who could almost be an adult had reached a bizarre tacit agreement - the two of them coincidentally kept a superficial peace, with neither one of them losing, and neither one of them winning.
  Old Mrs. Song finally failed to snatch her precious granddaughter away from the smelly rascal, and Wei Qian had to hold his nose and tolerate the fact that his already small home was inhabited by such an obnoxious old miscreant.
  
  The two of them, despite the fact that they looked up and down at each other, treated each other perfectly as if they were air, and neither one of them paid any attention to the other.
  
  That night, Song Xiaobao apologized to Wei Zhiyuan in a nebulous manner, and Wei Zhiyuan glanced at Wei Qian's expression and begrudgingly said that he would not bother with her.
  That counted for the past, Xiaobao was still the little sister, and Xiaoyuan was still the second brother, and in the days that followed, they would occasionally get together to correct the answers on their winter vacation homework.
  
  They used to do their homework together in Song Xiaobao's hut, where there was a desk and a simple little bookshelf, but since that day, Wei Zhiyuan had never entered the hut again.
  He carried out his textbooks and workbooks, padded a small table with legs not as long as the one he usually didn't use much in the living room with two pieces of cardboard, and settled there from then on.
  
  Wei Qian knew in his heart, so he went with him.
  Later, Xiaobao got a little older, no longer so heartless, began to have some small calculations, once several times borrowed a variety of names, wanting to let Xiaoyuan in, but unfortunately Wei Zhiyuan completely do not eat her set, until they moved away from this historic shantytown, Wei Zhiyuan also did not step foot in the hut step again.
  
  

19. Chapter XIX

  During that time, Wei Qian came home later and later, and had a lot of "socializing" with Le.
  In the past, Wei Qian used to push these things as much as he could, but after Pocky's death, he developed a heart of death and death with Le, so of course he had to lurk around Le without moving and earn enough trust.
  
  And the atmosphere at home was really weird, Wei Qian was really too lazy to go back.
  
  This weird atmosphere stretched until March of that year, when Wei Zhiyuan and Xiaobao had both started school.
  One day in March of the solar calendar, it is the second day of the second month of the old calendar, the dragon raised its head, this year's inversion of the spring cold cold evil, looking at the fast look spring, actually fell a good snow, almost buried the whole city.
  Wei Qian as usual outside to accompany Le, but looks a little distracted, constantly looking down to see Le's new match for his "little smart" (Note), drink half of the time, his little smart rang, Wei Qian, a pick up, his face changed.
  
  Le inclined his head to look at him, "What's wrong?"
  
  Wei Qian lowered his voice and said, "My sister is sick, Le, children with high fever are prone to fall ill, I ...... want to go back to see."
  Le seemed a bit reluctant, yet after all, he still gave him face, so he casually asked, "How many people will I find for you?"
  Wei Qian hurriedly said, "No, I'll come back when I go home to take a look."
  
  After Wei Qian finished, he stood up and first made amends with the crowd, then without waiting for others to react, he rubbed the bottle open with the corner of the table and blew a whole bottle of beer on the spot, which was a way of giving Le enough face.
  In a crowd of big and small punks shouting, Wei Qian respectfully bent down and said softly, "Driver and car I have called for you to get ready, that 'Shield', told the driver to turn on the heat for you."
  
  Le waved his hand with a joyful smile, "Go on."
  
  Wei Qian does not do anything, but whenever he takes over, he always seems to be able to scratch his own itch. Le thought, he has been taking care of him is not for no reason, this young man has sharpness, can be open to life, can hold up the scene, but also is not just a rash person will only go forward, Wei Qian has his own unique oil slick, know how to save their own face, but also know how to give others face.
  
  Wei Qian coped with these people, hurriedly ran toward home, not yet arrived home, saw Song old lady laboriously carrying Xiaobao, deep and shallow walking in the snow, followed by Wei Zhiyuan to give them an umbrella, the boy himself half of the body was wet with snow.
  
  After all, Old Mrs. Song was old and didn't know how to take a taxi, her back was bent by Xiao Bao, and the white breath that came out of her mouth floated roughly one by one in the dripping snowy day.
  Wei Qian strides over and picks Song Xiaobao up, reaches out and touches her, her forehead is rolling, he immediately takes off his coat and wraps it around her, carrying her straight to the hospital.
  
  Xiao Bao kept changing places to live lately, making her day-to-day work, coupled with the kind of mutual hatred between Grandma and Big Brother that even a blind man could see, as well as Xiao Yuan's hard-to-resolve stigma against her, for a while, her mental pressure was unprecedentedly high.
  Bo had never had so much hidden in her heart, and just as a viral cold began to spread through the school, she was magnificent.
  
  The snow outside seems to predict the boundlessness of this winter, the hospital's iron frame beds penetrate the cold that can't be warmed up, the northwestern wind "whistles" against the window, and Xiaobao's face is red with fluid infusion.
  
  The other three were already in a state of disarray.
  
  Mrs. Song didn't have any experience, before registering, bringing the little girl for examination, blood test, hospitalization formalities and so on, it was all Wei Qian running, she couldn't intervene and didn't understand. All along, she has been in front of Wei Qian like a little on the two kicks, almost can represent the majority of rural middle-aged and elderly women's highest fighting force, but at this time appears to be helpless and fragile.
  
  Her somewhat cloudy eyes always involuntarily turn uneasily with the occasional doctors and nurses coming and going, sitting on the waiting bench in the hallway, not caring about the snow water melting all over her wet body, her buttocks only dare to sit next to the edge of the point, every time someone inadvertently approaching, she will be like a schoolboy who has made a mistake, she will violently stood up, the palm of her hand unconsciously rubbing on the wet pants leg, revealing her because of the negligence of maintenance and the backs of her coarse, frost-cracked hands.
  
  Wei Qian settled Song Xiaobao, it was already very late, he looked at the old man and young man who followed him, put on his coat and turned to leave the hospital, bought two bowls of hot soup noodles from a small restaurant not far away that was about to close, hit the bag to carry it up, condescendingly placed a bowl in front of Old Mrs. Song, and the rest pushed it to Xiaoyuan, saying in a low voice, "Eat it."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Brother, you eat first."
  
  Wei Qian waved his hand, fumbled for his cigarette case, stuffed it back in, and turned to go out to speak to the doctor.
  
  Wei Qian waited for the two of them to finish eating, and then looked, see the snow outside do not know when has stopped, hand the umbrella to Wei Zhiyuan, thought for a moment, and then fished out two hundred dollars from his pocket, and stuffed him together: "Too late, the two of you go back to the building to call for a car, but also taste the taste of 'beat' , the remaining days of this household, the doctor said that Xiao Bao has to stay in the hospital for a few days."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "You're not going back?"
  Wei Qian: "Well, I'll stay here with her."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan sneakily skimmed his lips, lowered his head to look at the tips of his shoes, and said in a twisted voice, "Then I won't go back either."
  Wei Qian said in a nice voice, "What can you do here, don't turn around and you catch a cold too, listen, go back."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stubbornly kept quiet.
  He really didn't want to be alone with that old woman, or he wouldn't have been so screwed up, Wei Zhiyuan actually knew that his big brother's good voice was at most two and a half sentences, more than that, he was going to be impatient.
  Sure enough, Wei Qian sank his face and directly chided, "Cut the crap and get back, don't make trouble for me here!"
  
  After chiding, Wei Qian raised his hand and touched a handful of his hair and found that it was already dry, so he urged, "Hurry up and go, there's a bit of Banlangen at home, go back and make your own water to drink."
  
  Old Mrs. Song, on the side, broke the ground and opened her mouth to him in a gesture of weakness, "Then either I am here, I am old, Jue less ......"
  
  Wei Qian raised the corner of his eye to look at her and said nonchalantly, "You? What would you do?"
  Mrs. Song: "......"
  
  Wei Qian sneered, turned around and pulled open the door to the hospital room, signaling both of them to "get out".
  Old Mrs. Song hesitantly walked out and couldn't help but turn back to him and say, "Then ...... tomorrow morning you don't buy food outside, I'll make it for you and send it over ......"
  
  This time Wei Qian didn't even raise his eyelids, and his eyebrows were cold, as if he had automatically blocked out her words.
  Wei Zhiyuan wilted and followed Old Mrs. Song for a few steps.
  
  "Wait." Wei Qian suddenly remembered something and opened his mouth to call out to him.
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately ran back upside down as if summoned by the Lord.
  
  Wei Qian bent down, almost close to Wei Zhiyuan's ear, whispered to him, "Go back don't forget to ask a leave with the teacher to his sister, these days ...... you go out in the morning and evening to watch the point, try to walk with other students, if someone stops you, there is no need to panic, ask you what you say truthfully, it doesn't matter, don't matter. Tell them I have been accompanying Xiaobao hospitalized, no one will give you a hard time ...... If there is something at home, just go directly to the hospital to find me, do not call my phone, I do not open."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked up at him suspiciously, Wei Qian's gaze looked extraordinarily deep in the poorly lit hallway, his gaze was cold and calm, and there seemed to be dark streams of light surging inside.
  
  "Other than that, you know nothing, remember?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan nodded.
  
  The corners of Wei Qian's single thin mouth gently picked up, revealing a plausible smile in the backlight.
  "Xiao Bao does not matter, has not had time to turn into pneumonia, is a viral cold, a week will be fine." Wei Qian said, "She this disease, the disease can be coincidental ......"
  
  Later Wei Zhiyuan recalled that his brother began to end the struggle with his grandmother from this night and eased the relationship, and even later shook hands and made peace....... Oh, later he was like Xiao Bao and called Grandma Song Laotai.
  Too many things happened in this night, it seems to be a turn of fate for all of them, magical as hell, but only Wei Qian's incoherent few whispers always made Wei Zhiyuan believe that sometimes those seemingly miraculous destinies, if you get to the root of the problem, it would be surprisingly man-made as well.
  
  Xiao Bao's illness was just as the doctor had said, it came and went quickly, early the next morning, she had already changed from a high fever to a low fever, and Mrs. Song came early in the morning as she had promised to do, bringing egg custard for Xiao Bao and tea eggs and lean meat congee for Wei Qian.
  The tea eggs were probably cooked all night and the flavor was soaked to the brim.
  
  Wei Qian did not polite, took it and ate it, and found that this old man could not do anything else, but cooking is quite a handful.
  
  Xiao Bao ate, forced himself to say a few words to his grandmother, and then fell asleep again, Old Mrs. Song sat on the side with a restrained look, and tried to talk to Wei Qian several times and three times, but Wei Qian did not appreciate it, and did not bother to give her face, and kept on ignoring her, and flipping through the pages of an old magazine with a missing page.
  Old Mrs. Song was a little jittery, and after a moment of silence between the two rooms, she finally stood up and said softly, "Her brother, then you ...... then what do you want to eat at noon, I will go home to do it."
  
  Wei Qian sneered unknowingly, "Just mind your granddaughter, I don't need you, I'm afraid you're going to drug the rats."
  Song old lady eye brows a stand, looks like and want to break the curse, but her lips moved, in the end held back, did not say a word turned around and walked away, at noon still bear insults brought Wei Qian's meal.
  
  Three meals a day, she gave a good send, change the pattern, with obvious pleasing, basically love to eat what to do, to the third day, Wei Qian finally a little bit of eating people's mouths soft, although as usual he is not much to buy, but at least not yin and yang - he closed his mouth, good words and bad words are not said.
  
  Just after Mrs. Song left, Sanfat came.
  
  San Fatty brought fresh fruits for Song Xiaobao and absentmindedly teased her twice before giving a tug on Wei Qian's clothes and whispering, "Qian'er, come out, Third Brother has something to say to you."
  
  Three Fatty's face was stony, with thick dark circles under his eyes, and his big pie face seemed almost to have shrunk a little, running dangerously close to the shape of a dump cake.
  
  Wei Qian instructed Xiaobao a few words, and went outside with Sanfat, looking for a corner where no one was, Sanfat picked up Wei Qian's collar: "Why don't you turn on your computer? Do you know what happened outside? You ......"
  

------------

Reading in sections 18

 Wei Qian clutched his hand and extricated himself from his collar, saying nonchalantly, "The sky is not falling."
  Three Fatty: "Crap this time of the year and still play God with me, Le Xiaodong accident!"
  
  Wei Qian looked at him expressionlessly.
  
  "The night before last, is the day you send Xiaobao to the hospital, Le Xiaodong they finished drinking, halfway to be intercepted, his Cadillac is said to have been lazily knocked over on the spot ...... then followed his brothers are all red-eyed, the street and the other side dry up, it is the downtown area, his mother! A bunch of no spectrum of the son of a bitch, blink of an eye alarmed the police /?, some time ago the city just said to focus on the fight against the black, which will hit the muzzle of the gun, you say they are not lack of heart ......"
  
  San Fatty rambled on for a long time, but Wei Qian suddenly interrupted him.
  
  Wei Qian's voice was pressed into his throat, low like a whisper, his teenage timbre had faded, low like some kind of somber zither sound that seemed to carry some kind of echo.
  Wei Qian asked, "Is Le Xiaodong dead?"
  
  Three Fatty froze for two seconds, and then looked at Wei Qian incredulously for a while, before asking dumbly, "No, you ...... you knew it earlier?"
  
  Wei Qian gave a sneering and acerbic smile, handsome to the point of being forced.
  
  Three fat heart turn this thing around, instant cold sweat are down: "What role you play in it? You're looking for death ah Wei Qian! Le Xiaodong and those people, is our shrimp small fish can move? You ......"
  
  Wei Qian put up an index finger on his lips.
  
  He approached SanFat, took away a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, and whispered, ''Brother San, you are right, I am just a shrimp and small fish, I am not a role of any kind. I left without finishing my meal at that time, neither knowing when he would leave nor which road he would take, do you think Le could be ambushed even if he changed his place of residence every night? It's simply too bizarre."
  
  The three fat dumbfounded second lack of expression as if they had just been abducted by aliens.
  
  "But knowing that he's dead, I'm relieved." Wei Qian held his chin with one hand, his fingers rubbed his face that was slightly sprouting some stubble, took his cigarette case and walked out, the hospital didn't allow smoking, and it was about to suffocate him in the past few days.
  
  That major drug trafficking case, was involved in not only hemp such a scapegoat, but also the real big head and the old gun, Lok alone, even the outsiders can see what's going on, not to mention the people involved in it.
  This person, LOK Hiu-tung, is simply like YUAN Tai-tau back then, who was busy dropping stones and biting back at DUAN Qirui, with the result that the whole nation unanimously agreed that it was he who assassinated SUNG Chiao-yin.
  
  Le Xiaodong is the same, as a short-sighted conspirator, when it comes to things do not think about how to sit on the big picture, the first first time to take themselves out, but also take off not very clever.
  
  Wei Qian knew that ever since that incident, there were countless pairs of eyes on Le Xiaodong - because someone had once approached him, and he was in a delicate position as a popular fighter under Le Xiaodong, who also had a close personal relationship with the dead Asako.
  However, Wei Qian did not agree in person, turned his face and sold the other party to Le Xiaodong, expressed a heartfelt, but also let Le Xiaodong, who was a little suspicious of him because of the hemp, to rest assured.
  
  Who will send them Lok on their way to the Yellow Springs if not the foolish and loyal silly minions?
  
  Le Xiaodong is the Great Dragon, and even though less than one in twelve people in the world are of this genus, he just thinks that his genus is unique and has an imperial aura.
  He put every year to the February 2nd Dragon Heads up as a festival over, is bound to feast guests, Wei Qian before leaving for the Le prepared his car - Le Xiaodong raised a number of famous cars, but the most favorite Cadillac, not for anything else, just because the car over the CCTV a skit, the whole of China know, all know that it is expensive.
  ...... as well as the four words appear to be high end and foreign.
  
  Wei Qian's "horse's fart" is very ironic, and Le was very satisfied at that time.
  
  Le Xiaodong has a lot of places to live, determined to be cunning, no one can find him. Every time he sat in the car and decided where to go, he thought it was impossible for others to predict his itinerary in advance.
  Unfortunately, one year his wife went to Scandinavia to sweep the goods, brought him a piece of heavenly name table, Le Xiaodong, whether or not it is just early spring, in order to put the table out, hard to wear short sleeves that time, Wei Qian understood that he would go that way tonight.
  
  Le Xiaodong complacent drink, feast guests as the emperor of the earth, attentive little brother to the preparation of the emperor of the earth car, alcohol on the head, he is not close to the city center of the square to turn around to show off his car, the heart of the heart how difficult it is ah.
  From the square around, just connected to the viaduct to the North City, Le Xiaodong in the North City has a more than nine hundred square feet of single-family houses, is the king of the villas in that area, which maintains the three can actually coexist peacefully oddball mistresses, one of them has just been in the "people" under the point of view of the Le Xiaodong in a good mood to take advantage of the phone call to him to "birthday" deliberately put the "Dragon's Head" as his birthday to please him to wish the dragon heart great pleasure. Wish birthday", deliberately put "dragon head" as his birthday to please, Le Xiaodong wishing the dragon heart great joy. All by the way, if he does not go to see his "three palaces", the heart of how hard it is ah.
  
  Oh, by the way, Le never drove, never rode in the passenger seat, and he thought the front two seats of the car dropped his price.
  So just punch the back and hit it.
  
  People who are too outgoing are better suited to being small, because they are not destined to go too far, and they usually die unjustly halfway through the process somehow.
   
Author's Note: Note: A SCT is a simple cell phone



20. Chapter XX

  Bo was in the hospital for a whole week.
  The day she was hospitalized it snowed the city, but by the time she was discharged the temperature had soared a dozen degrees, and spring flowers were calling.
  
  Mrs. Song cooked a big pot of dumplings at home.
  Xiaobao realized that the once saber-rattling Big Brother and Grandma seemed to have miraculously eased their relationship, and with her being so sick, Xiaoyuan couldn't be bothered to cross her again, and took out his notes from the past few days and gave them to her.
  
  The third floor of an old silo in a shantytown, in a one-room ramshackle house, suddenly smelled like home.
  
  Le Xiaodong died, Wei Qian chest a mouth of stagnant hatred seems to go with it, his essence seems to change a lot of ...... where changed, three fat can not say, just feel that he is not so deep hostility.
  
  Either way, it's a good thing.
  
  When he was about to pick up Asako's mom from the hospital, San Fat brought Little Hoe and Wei Qian to Asako's door.
  Three fat to the palm of the hand spit two spittle, in the tree under a burst of planing: "Pocky that kid, belongs to the groundhog, everything to the ground buried, certainly left something - hey, Master Qian, you can not be on the side of the tie hand watching it? Can you drive over and move your honorable paws to help my old pig?"
  
  Wei Qian knocked off the mud scuffed on his shoes and said without lifting his head, "Second Senior Brother, Master gave you the opportunity to lose weight, so cut the fucking crap and shake off the fat and dig."
  
  After he finished, he fished out a cigarette, stuffed it into his mouth and lit it, then stuck it upside down under the big acacia tree and patted the trunk: "Haven't tasted it for a long time, have you? Not a good smoke, you make do."
  
  The big acacia tree stood quietly to one side, rustling in the breeze and with the slightly crooked smoke.
  Really just a bit like the hemp, always standing there without a word, whoever looks at him, he will giggle at whoever, without asking, without squeaking.
  
  Three fat soon dug out the hemp buried in the ground money, plastic bags sealed up in the envelope is also sandwiched between a note, said he was about to go away to his hometown, had to be cheeky to his mom entrusted to the two brothers ...... "entrusted" of the "to "I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that," he said.
  This illiterate fryer, the oldest of them all, can't write a suicide note as well as Xiao Yuan, who had just gone to school for two months back then.
  
  Wei Qian and the three fat together for a while, decided to hide the hemp son has died this matter, only the money and the note to the hemp son mother, to the hemp son mother unified caliber, said hemp son in order to give her to save money for treatment, followed a group of business people left, on the Cambodian selling coffee beans to go to Cambodia ......" to Cambodia "This rhetoric is three fat thought, counting far away from home, right on the words of the note.
  
  Asako mom cut off an arm and a leg, has been considered disabled, according to the regulations, she can apply for the five guaranteed households, but unfortunately all down is not so easy, need to be a long process of opening a variety of certificates and running formalities - otherwise back then Weiqian can also be applied for in the name of the minors, but at that time it was too time-consuming, he didn't have the strength of mind to run, can't afford it.
  Now he and the three fat people have the heart and strength, but this still can not be done, because it can not pass the hemp mother's own hurdle.
  
  When Wei Qian tried to bring up this matter, Ma Zi Ma firmly believed that she already had a nearly adult, and have the ability to work son, now the son is not in sight, but go abroad to do business, have financial resources, she should not deliberately cheat the government that little subsidy.
  
  She was so aware that it simply made Wei Qian's brain hurt, so when he went back, he whacked San Fat hard.
  It's all because of this fat bastard's bad idea, making up bad lies, well, he lifted a stone and hit his own foot.
  
  Wei Qian didn't go back to the nightclub, and he didn't even care anymore who took care of the property after Le Xiaodong died.
  
  "Little Wei has disappeared along with the dead Lok, washed his hands of the world, he did a good job as a fighter, everyone knows that he is just a biting dog raised by Lok, even if his teeth are strong, no one pays attention to him, they have something else to break each other's head.
  
  Weiqian asked Sanfat Dad to find a job as a factory order taker - oh, to put it bluntly, it's just moving stuff.
  Temporary labor, pay by piece, pure physical work, lunch, one person two steamed bread, Wei Qian did not do much time, full of hands are big bubbles, all day is dirty, all day long to look at people's faces.
  The days of the hitman "Xiao Wei brother", a snap of the fingers into a mirror.
  
  Wei Qian began to do this work on the third day, squatting on the side of the road with a needle to pick the blood blisters on his hands, his heart so calm that he was surprised. He used to think that such days would bend his young spine, and he would think of the distance of 100,000 light-years between his virtue and the word "outstanding", and he would feel as if his heart was in a knife's throat.
  
  And yet it didn't.
  
  Now he wants to "make a name for himself" that kind of heart still hasn't changed a bit, he is still a dream to make a lot of money money, still need money, need to support the family, but probably he has witnessed enough of the flashy, experienced the bone-chilling life and death, his heart has unconsciously sunk down a lot.
  
  Even more delighted about this was Mrs. Song.
  
  Even if Wei Qian was yelled at every day, like a grandson to work, she was also pleased for him to finally "on the right track" relieved. She is from crops, do not think there is anything wrong with manual labor, with the strength to eat, eat natural. Doing small jobs, even if the chaff, also than in and out of nightclubs wearing gold and silver strong.
  While subjectively believing that Wei Qian had a bright future ahead of him, Mrs. Song also finally realized that this big boy, not yet eighteen years old, was already indeed holding up a family, and treated him a little better.
  
  She didn't know where to get the ointment for bruises and secretly put it on Wei Qian's bedside table, and in order to help Wei Qian subsidize the household, she got up at three o'clock in the morning, boiled a pot of tea eggs and corn, and stepped on people's work time to go out to sell, and then in the afternoon, she went to collect the cardboard boxes, wrappers, and bottles to sell.
  
  Even Wei Qian had to admit that this neurotic old woman was a remarkable character - she just got up five nights and climbed half the night, but she was still able to take care of the children's three meals a day at home, and still hale and hearty enough to fight 300 rounds of battle with that wicked old woman in the neighborhood every day, greeting each other ? cursing war a whole lot.
  Wicked old lady was Wei Qian as a child with a kitchen knife scared, do not dare to go out hard, the two families each on the door chain, leaving a doorway for sound unimpeded, go to war.
  
  These two old goods pinched out the style pinched out the level, the dirty words popping out of his mouth made Wei Qian, a professional hooligan, couldn't listen to it.
  
  Three fat do not go out into the goods, sitting in the hallway, grab a handful of melons, while stoned, while listening to a section, and so on the end of the battle, he patted the melon skin, pulling his voice and applauding, his voice is loud, a person can create a "full house" effect.
  
  That's when Mrs. Song and Mrs. Wicked are aligned.
  Mrs. Song scolded, "Little/pussy child!"
  The wicked old woman scolded, "Big pussy fatso!"
  
  The three fat men put together a "douchebag" and wriggled away contentedly.
  
  Later Wei Qian went over and kicked the door latch of the evil old lady's house, and then had a big fight with old lady Song at home, so that these two bastard old ladies put their mouths clean, don't teach all the good children to be bad.
  
  ...... It turned out that the two shrews could not fight him alone, so the two of them consciously shifted the cutting time to the late afternoon, when children and teenagers go to school, and truce on weekends and legal holidays.
  
  Weiqian quit smoking; it's too expensive.
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that there were two smells that impressed him in his childhood, one was the cheap tobacco smell and the other was the medicinal smell of the later bruise cream.
  During that time, every day when he finished his homework and looked up, his elder brother must have been tired to lie on the bed and slept to death, and the day gradually got hot, Wei Qian wore a "two-pole beam" undershirt and big pants, and put the thin blanket to the waist, leaving Wei Zhiyuan a back.
  
  The hitman career and heavy physical labor sharpened Wei Qian to the point that there was not a trace of fat around his waist, long and tight muscles were tightly packed, his backside was always narrow and concave, and his protruding pair of shoulder blades were like a pair of unfolded wings, as if as long as they were hidden underneath, they would never be harmed.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan glanced at him, and then looked down to write two lines of words, and was copying a word from a text, the word is "elder brother as father".
  The boy wrote neatly five times as the teacher requested, then closed the book, turned off the light, climbed onto the bed following the smell of medicine in the air that he had become accustomed to, crawled over Wei Qian, and skillfully burrowed into his arms, and Wei Qian subconsciously lifted his hand in his half-asleep state to pat the child's back, and whispered in a nasally voice, "Go to sleep."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan discerned the meaning of favor that was just the right consistency from these two words, and closed his eyes contentedly, enjoying the most comfortable moment of the day.
  Since then, every time you mention "happiness", Wei Zhiyuan will remember when he was young, nestled in the arms of his big brother, rubbing against his chest, closed his eyes and waited for the moment of deep sleep,......, even though he has grown up to the point where his big brother's arms can no longer fit.
  
  Another six months passed in a hurry.
  It was the day of Xiaobao and Xiaoyuan's final exams, and after the exams it meant summer vacation.
  
  The summer sun was on fire, and Wei Qian rode a twenty-dollar used
------------

Reading in sections 19

Bicycle, came to the cold drink wholesale market, vendors are from here to buy goods, Wei Qian also intends to wholesale a box of ice cream to go home to the two pups to relieve their cravings.
  
  Many families with children, cold drinks consume a large number of people will buy a box of ice cream directly from here to go back, the average retail one or two dollars of ice cream, the wholesale price of only 40 or 50 cents, can save a lot.
  Wei Qian was looking at the product list when suddenly, a man called out to him a bit hesitantly.
  
  "Wei Qian? Are you ...... not Wei Qian?"
  
  Wei Qian turned back to look, only to see that the other party is a somewhat familiar middle-aged woman, he first froze for a moment, and then carefully sized her up before he remembered with a sudden realization, "You ...... you're Ms. Li?"
  
  Ms. Li walked over quickly on her heels and asked repeatedly, "It's really you! What's wrong with you? You quit school without even saying hello, I've been looking for you for a long time, but there's been no news, what the hell have you been doing? What's the big deal? Why don't you finish school?"
  
  Three years, suddenly saw her, Wei Qian actually had a feeling of a world apart, school? That seems ...... to have been a lifetime ago.
  
  However, facing his old class teacher, Wei Qian couldn't help but lower his head, and at this moment, he looked neither like a tyrannical and ferocious nightclub fighter nor a silent young laborer.
  He suddenly became like a normal, somewhat formal middle school student in front of his teacher.
  
  Wei Qian smiled bitterly, "Teacher, this is a long story."
  
  Wei Qian's return home with a carton of ice cream and a strange middle-aged woman was a huge surprise to all the family members-because as far as I can remember, Big Brother has never been so polite to anyone.
  
  This guest was neatly dressed, with glasses, spoke politely, very polite, and looked at his hands and feet to know that he was an intellectual, and out of place in his surroundings.
  After Grandma figured out Mr. Li's identity, she was so shocked that she couldn't even speak properly - the administrative area of her hometown is like this, first is the province, below the province is the city, each city governs a dozen counties under its jurisdiction, which constitutes an administrative region, and there are seven or eight townships under a county, and it is only below the townships that there are countless small villages.
  
  Mrs. Song's hometown is relatively remote and backward, the village children in elementary school to go to the township, junior high school to go far away from the county, high school will have to take a seven or eight hours to go to the city, their village for many years have not been able to get into high school.
  Not to mention a high school teacher, the first living high school teacher she'd ever seen in her life.
  
  Mrs. Song almost treated Ms. Li as a national leader to receive, took out all her skills, made a table of the highest specification dishes, and insisted on leaving her for dinner.
  Ms. Li was really gracious, so she had to sit down in front of the dinner table, looking at the family, Ms. Li more or less understood the reason why Wei Qian dropped out of school, she said tentatively while dealing with the enthusiastic old lady Song who kept on giving her food: "Wei Qian, I remember that your grades were quite good at that time, honestly, it's really quite a pity to just stop going to school. "
  
  Wei Qian didn't answer and picked up a small bowl on one side, "Teacher I'll give you a bowl of soup."
  
  Li teacher took over, then said: "You know, I also work in our school for more than twenty years, as a veteran teacher, in the school leadership that more or less a bit of face, and your uncle ...... Oh, that is, my husband, he works in the city Department of Education, if you are willing to, I can let him think of a way to help you to get the school registration back. back, just inserted in the class I now take."
  
  At those words, everyone at the table stopped moving in unison.
  


21. Chapter XXI

  There were mixed reactions; Po rationally knew it was a good thing, but emotionally, she clearly didn't think school was a good thing, and while she was happy about it, she gloated over the fact that her big brother would have to be honestly strapped to a chair to listen to lectures and do his homework, just as she was from now on.
  Xiao Yuan, however, is much more meticulous than her, even if he was still so small when Wei Qian dropped out of school, he practically felt the despair and grief that Wei Qian had forced in his heart, so he looked up at Ms. Li with a little bit of expectation, with a kind of ecstasy that an out-of-school child expects to be rescued.
  
  The one who reacted the most was Mrs. Song, who had lived longer than the three of them combined and had experienced too much.
  She found that when Wei Qian sat in front of this teacher Li, the person's temperament has changed, he appears to be well-mannered, polite and coping well, looks a lot more stable than his peers, handsome face, banditry faded away, revealing his original dusty, compelling youth.
  
  A young man at a good age, burning like a fire like Shaohua.
  A thought flashed through Mrs. Song's mind, and she made an instant decision, thinking that the boy should go to school.
  
  However, the only Wei Qian, listening to the words of Mr. Li, he just slightly froze, for a while, he only eyelids also did not raise gently smiled, the reaction is flat, said: "Thank you, teacher, but ...... cough, I am a person, inherently is not very willing to go to school, and may not be reading material ......"
  "Are you afraid you won't have the money to pay tuition?" Mrs. Song suddenly interrupted him.
  
  Wei Qian sank his face and swept a glance at his pig-like comrade, if it wasn't bad to make a scene in front of Mr. Li, he would have dared to slam his chopsticks on the spot - what was the point of saying that when you were crying about being poor in front of someone else's teacher?
  Are they trying to win sympathy or are they shamelessly taking advantage of people's love to beg for help? There must be a limit to shamelessness, right?
  
  But Mrs. Song doesn't care. She's capable of rolling on the ground. Face? What's face? Can you eat it?
  So once again, she spoke before Mr. Li, "It's okay, you go read, I'm not old yet, I can do it. I guard the intersection, even in the morning and then at night, can sell hundreds of tea eggs a day, you calculate, this can earn a lot of money, right? They are still small, not to spend time, elementary school reading miscellaneous fees a year not much, at best, to pay a little book costs, you feel free to go to read your books, rest assured."
  
  Wei Qian glanced at Mr. Li's expression and quietly ground his teeth while barely squeezing out a pure, harmless and somewhat embarrassed smile at Mr. Li: "No, it's actually not because of the economic original ......"
  He tried his best to maintain his demeanor as if he were the president of the student body, Mrs. Song once again took advantage of this, interrupted him with her voice, she used her own cursing to practice the loud voice rushed to Mr. Li, "Teacher, but thank you, you are our family benefactor, as long as you let the boy back to school, tuition fees, my old lady, in the future, even if it is to go to college, we can afford to get into the exams, the child as long as he has his own success, but nothing can be delayed, right? I'm not sure if I can afford it, but I'm sure that I can afford it. Hey ...... you said, he really can ......"
  
  Teacher Li smiled and held up his glasses, said: "Auntie, you can rest assured, when a lifetime of teaching, no power, no power, can do so little, but a pity a good child, when the child's grades are quite good, the exam has been the top ten - is not it Wei Qian? In a couple of days I'll let your uncle to do, do a good job and so on the start of summer vacation, you can directly enroll in school, what are the financial difficulties, you can say to the teacher, the big deal is that you will grow up to have success and then return to the teacher well."
  Old Mrs. Song was so overjoyed that she almost gathered up her sleeves and bowed to Mr. Li: "Yo! Yes! Thank you so much! Thank you so much!"
  
  Mrs. Song was the only one who shouted and completely occupied the right to speak with absolute superiority.
  Xiao Bao only knew how to eat, Wei Zhiyuan looked at this and that, and finally managed to carefully clip a piece of meat and put it in his big brother's bowl - he saw the veins on his big brother's head burst out.
  
  Ms. Li left after dinner, Wei Qian originally intended to go out to see her off, and in the meantime to thank the teacher's good intentions, the "back to high school" this absurdity rejected, but I did not expect that he just got up, before he had time to stand straight, Mrs. Song, that old woman, that old man's wickedness was unawares to give him a kick.
  
  Big brother in the younger brother and sister in front of the eyes, unprecedentedly large jumped up, humiliatingly clamped up the legs, like a frightened rabbit as violently avoided, and then the door in front of the three of them, "bam" a closed, Mrs. Song has been chased out to send Mr. Li out, the movement of the swift, really unlike an old woman who is already seventy-eighty years old. The swiftness of her movements is really unlike an old woman who is already seventy years old.
  
  After two seconds of silence, Wei Qian growled at Xiao Bao, "Is your grandmother that old hag looking for death?!"
  
  Xiao Bao looked at him confused and innocently, wiped the sweat from the heat of Fang's meal, and said to him, "Brother, I want a popsicle!"
  Wei Qian: "Eat shit, go brush the dishes!"
  
  Xiao Bao had to condescend to brush the dishes and go, Wei Zhiyuan opened his mouth next to him, he asked with concern, "Brother, does it hurt?"
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  So Wei Qian aimed his cannon at him, "Shut up and get out! Go wipe the table!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan then rolled off to wipe the table, and before he wiped the table, he also smartly picked up Wei Qian's usual bruise ointment from the bedside table, placed it in front of Wei Qian, lowered his head to sneak a smile, and ran away before a complete mountain of rain fell on his big brother's face.
  
  Wei Qian's furious face calmed down, he gently breathed a sigh of relief, and leaned forward on all fours towards the chair that Xiao Yuan usually used for homework, the chair's legs were short and his legs were long, so he had to condescend to nestle together.
  
  Wei Qian's violent heartbeat calmed down, in fact, he knew in his own heart that if he really didn't want to go at all, and really hated school as much as he said himself, he wouldn't have led Ms. Li home for dinner at all.
  Song old lady that old thing again spirited, not as high as his chest, a young lad really move really, Song old lady can stop him?
  That's impossible.
  
  He himself wanted to go back to school from the bottom of his heart, and even though his childhood dream of a laboratory was so broken that it wouldn't stick, a degree was still something he could not hope for.
  No matter what kind of education, even if he goes to a very shabby university in the future, but the diploma in his hand, in order to allow him to have a starting line and the vast majority of people in the world to struggle, he does not look forward to anything else, just want to board the train that can drive to the starting line.
  
  It's too tough to run on two legs after a wheel on the tracks.
  
  He really just wanted that little bit of hope.
  But if he's gone, who's going to support the family? Who will make ends meet?
  In less than half a year's time, Wei Qian would turn eighteen, and in the eyes of society, he was already an adult capable of supporting himself; he had hands, feet, and strength, and no one would sympathize with him because of his poverty, and no one would give relief to people like him - there were always more people in the world in need of relief than there was relief money.
  
  He can't go to school with the money from the old lady selling tea eggs and picking up rags. He can't even do that.
  
  Taking a step back, Mr. Li is a good man, willing to help him, that is counting on his good fortune to catch up. But Mr. Li has the obligation to help him take care of the family, to help him secretly subsidize the hemp mother?
  
  About twenty minutes later, Old Mrs. Song returned, and the moment the door was pushed open, Wei Qian had already prepared the words in his heart to swear at her.
  He was going to say, "You're not my grandmother, who the hell are you, you old bastard, and what do you care what happens to me? This is my fucking house, I'm in charge, so don't pretend to be a man in front of me!"
  
  Given that the sentence was rather long and needed to be said in one breath, Wei Qian had taken a nice deep breath, yet when he saw the color of joy that hadn't had time to fade from the face of Old Mrs. Song, who had pushed her way in, he couldn't even utter a single word.
  
  Mrs. Song thinks that going to school and studying is a matter of great pride and honor. In her hometown, the most educated person she knows is the village branch secretary with a junior high school education at the east end.
  She was trying to be nice to him in a very rude and despicable way.
  
  Wei Qian finally slowly spat out the breath that had been sucked in, along with the viciousness that had involved the internal organs, sounding like a sigh.
  
  Wei Qian waved to Xiao Bao and Xiao Yuan and dismissed the two of them to take a popsicle each to the hut to do their summer vacation homework.
  Xiao Bao was originally not happy that she had to do homework on the first day of summer vacation, then when she heard her big brother ask Xiao Yuan to join her, she immediately forgot to dwell on the homework and carefully looked up at Wei Zhiyuan together.
  
  Even though Wei Zhiyuan's face was expressionless, Wei Qian could see his reluctance, so he aggravated his voice a bit and said, "Go, take whatever you like, and do as you're told."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan knew that big brother and the others had something to say and didn't want to give him an earful, but the house was small and there was no way around it, and there was nowhere else to go but to send them to the hut, so he paused, waved his hand and refused the popsicle that Xiaobao had brought him, turned around and walked into the kitchen, put his hand back to put the kitchen door on, and rushed outside and said loudly, "I'll cut the watermelon!"
  Disappointed, Po stumbled at the kitchen door with her popsicle for a long time, but was finally turned away by the crooked, unsturdy little broken door, and she turned hopelessly back inside, feeling that the creamy little bean ice wasn't even good anymore.
  
  Wei Qian this time is really sighed - his pair of siblings look so deformed, the younger brother is a temperament so big that he can not do, die not turn back stubborn donkey, the younger sister it ...... alas, not to mention, she is simply a unique two hundred and five.
  How can we live without him?
  
  Wei Qian put his legs down, arched his back, held the chair handle with one hand, propped his other elbow on his knee, covered half of his face, and said to Mrs. Song in a rare, calm tone, "How much does our school cost a year, do you know? "
  Old Mrs. Song held out four fingers, "Your teacher said four hundred a year, we have this money."
  
  This money of course, Wei Qian for Le Xiaodong as a fighter that will, Le Xiaodong a month to give him fifteen thousand, good cigarettes and good wine at random, at that time is considered a relatively high income. He has some savings in his hand, four hundred dollars of tuition really can get, but tuition is always a small head, other expenses?
  Wei Qian rubbed his fingers, he really wanted another cigarette at this time.
  
  "We learn ...... our original that school, lunch break time is very little, the night to go to the evening self study, fully closed management, a day to stay in school twelve or thirteen hours, half work half study is impossible. We require three meals a day in the school to eat, the most economical a month to one hundred and fifty dollars, the cost of books is another calculation, is also a considerable expense, we will not count for the time being. At home, the three of you buy food and meat - yes, I know you cook at home to save money, but what age are those two children? It is even bone and then meat together with the time to grow, meal money absolutely can not save, plus utilities and other messy, two hundred a month, you have to live in a tight."
  Wei Qian raised his eyes, "Tell me, just where are you going to get the three hundred and fifty dollars? After costs, electricity money and water money, can you make five cents selling one egg? Can you sell seven thousand tea eggs a month? Do you really think your eggs are laid by roosters?"
  
  the Song dynasty (960-1279)
------------

Sectionalized reading 20

The old woman was dumbfounded, and after a while, without any bottomless sophistry, she said, "I don't sell a lot of them in a day, I can have hundreds ......"
  
  "I'll buy you hundreds of eggs." Wei Qian smiled bitterly, continuous long speech, he is a little dry mouth, he whispered to Mrs. Song, "Do not play your little smart, what market I do not know, from morning to night, you can sell sixty or seventy even if the business is good."
  Mrs. Song: "Aiyo you know shit, old lady can make money selling rags, wrapping paper, paper boxes ...... yes, and bottles, cans ......"
  
  "Even if you can get this 350 dollars a month by working hard, what if something else happens?" Wei Qian interrupted her, "You're not too young, let me put it bluntly, what if there's a bump and you're hospitalized? Do you have medical insurance? Besides, even if I can make do, you can make do, but in case the two children's schools have some kind of spring games, other people are buying new clothes and snacks, you let them two also make do? Xiao Bao is a girl, it doesn't matter if she doesn't know anything now, after a year or two when she knows beauty, are you going to let her look up in front of her classmates in tattered clothes?"
  
  When Mrs. Song heard this, somehow, her eyes suddenly blinked and tears fell without warning.
  Wei Qian is right, she understands in her heart, this is the city, not their poor hometown, in the old country, the field stalks, parents, whose children are rolling in the mud, who is not much more decent than anyone, nothing to say.
  But in the city, people are all in luxury cars and BMWs and clothes, and there is no way out of being poor.
  
  How bitter this kid is!
  
  And she's just a widowed, lonely old woman with no skills whatsoever, her greatest skill being vegetable gardening, but unfortunately, in this city of steel and concrete, you can't even find a two-foot-wide vegetable patch.
  
  Wei Qian's heart was originally a piece of fear and bewilderment, suddenly found that Mrs. Song dropped tears, he did not say anything for a second or two.
  The teenager then calmed down with an uncanny speed, stood up silently, pulled a roll of toilet paper from the table, tore off a bit and handed it to her, and said, with the calming air of a true head of the family, "Don't cry, I'm telling you the truth."
  
  Mrs. Song sobbed more and more.
  Wei Qian let her cry for a while, and finally got impatient: "Old woman, almost done, crying and wailing, bad luck or not? Let's talk about something, what's there to cry about?"
  
  Song old lady listening to him again not the kind of civilization and decency, the old state of the outcry, so bent down to take off his shoes, holding the sole of the shoe to vigorously to Wei Qian body: "You a little brat! You heartless little brat, I'll kill you! Do you want to be a hooligan that much? Do you really want to be a small laborer? I'll whip you to death!"
  
  Wei Qian of course could not be smacked to death by a sole, and he was too lazy to hide, so he simply shrunk his shoulders and shielded his face with his arm to let her hit and take out her anger.
  
  At the same time, he wasn't going to accompany her in venting her meaningless emotions, Wei Qian racked his brain to think of a way out amidst such confusing background sounds.
  
  The ground was full of thorns, and Hope was like a horse treading on a swallow, with only its tail just barely hooked onto his fingertips.
   


22. Chapter XXII 

  Wei Qian did not want to because of their own, make the family sad clouds, so although he is still thinking about this, but as usual, no one like every day to go to work in the factory - he followed Le Xiaodong those years, heavy hearted too much time, over time, so raised a pair of childish city to.
  But someone won't let him rest.
  
  The first to bear the brunt is Wei Zhiyuan, Wei Zhiyuan original is how good a child ah, not spoiled, obedient and will look at people's faces, but now he has become a living duck broken mouth, every day in the morning and evening to ask him blearily once, so that the Weiqian annoyed beyond annoyance.
  Secondly, Song Laotai, Song Laotai does not need to change, itself is a cartwheel of broken mouth, a person can top 500 ducks, Wei Zhiyuan's nagging and her compared to the weak into the dregs. Wei Qian is simply afraid of her, one day he went home a push door, Song old lady just walked out of the kitchen, saw him, footsteps, opened his mouth, Wei Qian seems to see a terrible bloody mouth, without saying a word, turn around and walk out the door .......
  Of course, it turns out that actually the other old lady just wanted to sneeze.
  
  And three fat ones.
  
  The three fat bitch is absolutely unparalleled, one day while he was not at home, with a brush dipped in red paint, in front of his house painted a line of large letters - for the rise of China and study.
  That grimy hallway, that blood-red, blood-red, blood-red in big letters ......
  The door to the evil old lady got up early, more than four in the morning to go out to walk, the day is not yet bright, was subjected to this kind of shock, she froze in the doorway for three seconds, a short scream, picked up his pants and slammed the door wildly back to his house ...... almost did not pee his pants.
  
  In this ambush on all sides, Wei Qian found the only shred of peace from Song Xiaobao.
  
  Song Xiaobao said to him privately and seriously, "Brother, if you don't want to go, just don't go."
  Wei Qian looked up at her in surprise.
  
  Song Xiaobao held a piece of watermelon in his mouth and said sincerely, "Are you not wanting to go to school?"
  Wei Qian hesitated and nodded against his will.
  
  Song Xiaobao shook his head and sighed a bit, pretending to be old-fashioned and said, "Alas, there's no way, I understand your difficulties."
  Wei Qian was taken aback, and said that she actually already knew so much without realizing it, a bit of a nest, so he asked, "What do you all ...... know?"
  
  Song Xiaobao "yuck" a mouthful, accurately spit watermelon seeds into the ashtray, and said in sympathy: "To be honest with you brother, in fact, I don't want to go to school either."
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Song was ordered to copy the longest text in his language book twice that night.
  
  But it's amazing to say that there are times when there really is this coincidence, and some desperate turnaround really does happen when a person can't get enough of something - even though it may not be a good turnaround.
  
  On this day Wei Qian changed out of his work clothes and pushed his bike just about to ride off when suddenly a man called out to him.
  The man was dressed in a pricey outfit, human-like, with a pair of sunglasses that Wei Qian didn't recognize, but there was a familiar aura about the man.
  
  Wei Qian had a premonition in his heart at that moment, and sure enough, the man saw him and took big steps towards him.
  
  Wei Qian has long been golden, do not want to pay attention, boarded the car and wanted to go, but the man raised his hand to clutch his handlebars, reached out and stepped on the wheels: "This is Xiao Wei brother, right, I want to say a few words to you."
  
  Wei Qian's hand pressed on the handlebar squeezed tightly, veins popping out, and he lowered his voice to warn, "Let go."
  
  The man took off his sunglasses, only to see that his nose was a little crooked, there was a scar above his eyelids, appearing to have a big eye and a small eye, with a vicious and cunning face, he fished out a business card from his pocket and waved it in front of Wei Qian: "Master Hu Si, his old man Wei should always remember, right?"
  
  Wei Qian the first time a person singled out a bunch of looking for trouble, hit the famous that time, there is indeed a self-proclaimed Hu four masters, gave him a business card, very much the meaning of solicitation, Hu four masters are Le's vip guests, Wei Qian, although at that time refused, but the person was very impressed, because he looked at people with strange eyes, as if in his eyes, the person is not a human being, are all pigs, horses, cows, and sheep can be led to the market to sell.
  Later Wei Qian heard people mentioned, the old man called Hu four masters is a yellow / gambling / drug rain and shine guy, bad decathlon, under his name there are three or four famous underground black boxing ring, around to recruit look on the beaters and athletes, especially like Wei Qian this kind of fight don't want to die of professionalism.
  
  Wei Qian's eyelids jumped at that time, knowing that this person could not be offended, so he stretched his foot on the ground to stop the car and asked politely, "What is the name of big brother?"
  
  The sunglasses man saw that he was on board and was very satisfied, rubbing his hands together and letting go of his bike, "I don't dare to be, my name is Zhao Laojiu, you can just call me Laojiu."
  Wei Qian smiled, "Oh, it's ninth brother, Hu fourth master doesn't come often, may not know, Le ......"
  
  Zhao Laojiu said, "Le Xiaodong is dead, it's been half a year, it's been known for a long time."
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes and paused, "Yes, so I am now out of this business, in fact, Hu fourth master and ninth brother look up to me, I should not push three, but you see, I dragged the family, can not get away from anything, but also really ......"
  
  Zhao Laojiu's eyes turned, nodded his head and said: "Alas, I understand, everyone has difficulties, Hu fourth master is so unreasonable people? Now the main thing is this, his old man opened a new 'point', 'field' has not been covered hot, especially the lack of people to warm up the field, the urgent need to find a few powerful to support, although it is delayed your work, but the price you have to rest assured, Hu four masters absolutely not treat their own people. "
  
  Wei Qian has followed Le Xiaodong in and out of many occasions in the latter part of his life, and he knows more or less a little bit about many things - he heard out that Zhao Laojiu meant to say that Master Hu Si has got a new black boxing ring, and he wants to ask him to go and warm up the ring.
  The black boxing market in the two provinces has been around for a long time, and with the profiteering that comes from playing for your life, some of the underground gyms would have real masters in them, and these guys would have been able to get tens of thousands of dollars a game in the mid-nineties, while other insignificant warm-ups would have been a few thousand a game for the small fry.
  
  Wei Qian laughed mockingly, "Ninth Brother, don't tease me, how many kilograms do I have that I'm not clear about myself? A real boxing sparring expert can crush me with a single finger, it doesn't matter if I live or die, it's not good to disgrace Master Hu Si and you."
  Wei Qian knows, if he agreed, surely even Zhao Laojiu's people, Zhao Laojiu for Hu four masters to do things to find people, the middle must be to take advantage of, to find people lose win, he has a share of these things Wei Qian heart have a number.
  
  "You're wrong, it's not that," Zhao Laojiu waved his hand, "A real expert is not a cabbage, how can it be so easy to find? Hu fourth master what vision, he sees you, you do not need to be presumptuous ......"
  
  Said this, nine brother suddenly look around, lowered his voice to Wei Qian said: "Besides nine brother with you through a truth, in the ring, in fact, you generally powerful on the line, fishing a few games, ten thousand eight hundred thousand dollars, take it away, this money comes easily, nothing happened. Really powerful to a certain extent but not good, the top fighters in the senior ring can not come down, there will always be more powerful, to the end of the end is to die on it."
  The corner of Wei Qian's eye jumped.
  
  "I don't talk to you about false," Zhao Laojiu peered at his complexion, and pressed his voice even lower, "Hu four masters sent us out, and I have looked for a lot of people. Like you, the entry price is two thousand, after that there are no bonuses and commission, depending on your personal performance, those people ...... are those who are the most powerful, the entry of three to five million can not be beaten, that is to play the price of life, you just want to play with others, but also can not play at that level, understand?"
  
  Wei Qian was silent, Zhao Laojiu's words did have some credibility.
  
  "Alas, brother, I just told you a general market, did not scare you, we this time, with the general market is not the same, our task is to warm up, is to make the new boxing arena speculation, is equal to the opening ceremony, you understand it? It's just a flicker, the risk is very small, not to the point of playing with life." Zhao Laojiu intimate pat on his shoulder, stuffed him a train ticket: "next Monday's ticket, written on the back of my phone number, you want to be willing to go over there to find me, do not want to forget it, I'm looking for brothers to help a little help, the sale is not benevolent still in it, is not it?"
  
  Wei Qian carried this train ticket, lying in bed for a night without closing his eyes.
  Zhao Laojiu's appearance was almost as if he had only dozed off when someone gave him a pillow.
  
  Wei Qian once wondered how he was going to support his family if he went back to school. Zhao Laojiu gave him the answer, the entrance fee would be two thousand, no need to be more, he would have five or six thousand dollars if he could just last two or three shows.
  Five or six thousand is nothing, but this money at that time in the ordinary people's home, has not been a small amount of money, the family has a penny like Mrs. Song break eight petal flower, Wei Qian believes that with her thriftiness, with this money comfortably to make a living for a whole year are no problem.
  
  But ......
  Money is hard to earn, shit is hard to eat - this truth is known to everyone, there is no pie in the sky, Wei Qian clearly understand, Zhao Laojiu said what "opening reward" what "flakes" The whole thing is bullshit.
  
  Why single him out? It's such a long way from the south to the north, and there are countless others who can fight.
  When Wei Qian thought about it, he felt that I am afraid that it is Le Xiaodong who died, and Hu Sifu went a long way to find him, and he wants him to be this kind of rootless and bottomless.
  
  In front of him is a pool of water, clear to the bottom, the bottom of the pool is the gold visible to the naked eye, but Wei Qian simply do not know, he jumped in with a jerk, in the end he jumped into how deep the water, and he also does not know, he jumped down and still can not come up again.
  
  Pocky was making a fortune before he died, too.
  
  Wei Qian rolled over, his muscles began to ache after lying for a long time. He gently got up, trying not to wake Wei Zhiyuan up - the day was too hot, the child's head was covered in sweat, and it was really rare for him to sleep so.
  Wei Qian walked downstairs and circled around the old silo of the shantytown, donkey pulling the mill like a mill, attempting to pull out a little Zen.
  
  Wei Qian felt that this was all because he was too greedy, the burden was still heavy, yet he still wanted them all to live a relatively loose and good life.
  He always thought, his mom sold her body to bring him up, isn't he still better than a chicken? How could he let Xiaobao and Xiaoyuan live the way they did when they were little?
  
  And as if that were not enough, he had the luxury of going to school.
  
  Wei Qian, in the morning light, topped with the dew that had just fallen, like a great demon who had crossed the threshold of the heart, severely tortured his heart.
  What's the point of going to school, he told himself fiercely? Does going to high school mean you'll get into college? Does going to college mean you'll be able to finish? Will he be able to find a good job? Even if he found a good job, could he make up for the six or seven years he had wasted from high school to college?
  
  Wei Qian listed in his own mind, all the reasons he could think of, why it was not worth going to school.
  That's when he saw the owner of the kiosk downstairs yawning and opening up.
  
  Wei Qian kicked away a small stone and said to himself in his heart: go to school, why don't you want to go to heaven?
  
  He bought a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from the kiosk, officially declaring him a total failure after six months of quitting.
  
  Wei Qian squatted on the side of the road and finished the cigarette, and then he made a decision quite different from what he had just thought-isn't it Guangdong? Go!
   


23. Chapter XXIII 

  Weiqian didn't mention it to anyone. On weekends, he rides his bike, which has no bell.
------------

Reading in sections 21

The broken "two-eight", came to the high school door specializing in selling second-hand books of the small bookstore, at a low price to buy a good freshman and sophomore two stacks of textbooks, and then he purchased some simple luggage for himself, to the factory resigned to settle the bill.
  
  At 4:30 a.m. on Monday, Wei Qian quietly climbed up, the whole family is still asleep - Mrs. Song boiled the eggs at three o'clock, and then in order to taste, will use a small fire slowly simmering, she took advantage of this work to go to sleep for a while, until almost five o'clock to get up and turn off the fire.
  Wei Qian is not ready to alarm the family, like a thief pointing a hundred and fifty dollars in change to take away, the other money has been cashed into a whole ticket, was gently placed on the table, with a teacup pressed well.
  He left a note simply stating roughly when he would be back, inarticulate, saying neither where he was going nor what he was going to do.
  
  Who knew that as soon as he turned around after doing this, he realized that Wei Zhiyuan had woken up at some point.
  The little weasel sat up silently and was looking at him with big eyes.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan opened his mouth to speak, Wei Qian quickly covered his mouth, the boy looked up at him in uncertainty, Wei Qian sat on the side of the bed, pressed him to lie down, drew a thin quilt over him, whispered: "Do not make noise, Grandma has just boiled eggs, let her lie down for a while more - you're also honest, getting up so early! What are you doing?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan swept a glance at his luggage and lowered his voice, "So what are you going to do?"
  Wei Qian said vaguely, "Oh, I went out to run some errands."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pressed on, "What for?"
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes and swept a glance at him, "You're in charge of a wide range."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suddenly rolled over and climbed up, hugging him around the waist and monkeying on him in a sticky manner, "I want to go too!"
  The little cub grew in weight and was quite oppressive, Wei Qian frowned and lifted him off himself, "Be honest, how old are you, what's the commotion?"
  
  Wei Qian heart more or less a little strange, this child is usually quite obedient, not very annoying, how suddenly so able to find trouble?
  
  In fact, Wei Zhiyuan himself do not know why, usually the big brother as long as it is a frown, he immediately rested at ease and did not dare to say anything, but this day, he is the heart of the panic unbearable.
  Wei Zhiyuan was not woken up by Wei Qian, he woke up from a nightmare, once he opened his eyes, he forgot what he dreamt about, but his heart jumped up and down, up and down, always as if he was going to step on the air, always unsteady.
  
  It was an instinctive gut feeling that told him he had to go along.
  
  "Take you for what? To fatten you up and eat you?" Wei Qian impatiently picked at him, "Don't add to my mess, Wei Zhiyuan, do you still listen to me?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had been domesticated for a long time, and when he heard the breeder's command, he reflexively sat upright and nodded his head.
  
  "Be obedient and lie down and sleep for me." Wei Qian slapped Wei Zhiyuan on the back not lightly.
  When he finished speaking, he bent down to pick up his own package and headed out the door.
  
  After two steps, he stopped and turned back.
  Wei Qian knows that he went to this is the future is uncertain, life and death is difficult to predict, at this time, although the sadness of parting can not be said, but his heart is more or less a few points of unwillingness to give up, lightened his voice coaxed Wei Zhiyuan two sentences: "When you start school, brother will come back, buy you good food to bring back, okay?"
  
  Who knows that Wei Zhiyuan is soft and hard, like a loach he rolled over, this time he pounced on the bedside and hugged Wei Qian's thighs, declaring, "Don't fool with me as that silly girl Xiao Bao, I just want to go!"
  Wei Qian simply wanted to kick him away.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan, observing his words, knew that he was running out of patience and was about to lose his temper, and immediately added wisely, "If you don't take me there, I'll shout and wake them all up!"
  
  He even learned to bully and bait, seeing that Wei Qian chose to go at this o'clock, that is, he was afraid to startle the two women, one old and one young, and invite them to nag.
  
  Unfortunately, to say soft and hard, Wei Zhiyuan is still under the tutelage of Wei Qian, so which big brother is so good to pin down people?
  Wei Qian bent down and easily broke the child's hand, sneered, and said word for word, "You love to shout or not."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "......"
  
  Wei Qian glanced at him with a raised eyebrow, and with a fling of his luggage, he took off.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze in bed for a few moments, then this little brat made a snap decision, hastily put on his clothes, rushed to the toilet, spent a minute to clean himself up, didn't even wear socks, stepped on his slippers and darted out after him.
  
  Early in the morning there is still no bus, good thing Wei Qian where they live is not far from the train station, Wei Qian decided to sneak over.
  Who knows that just as he stepped out of the small hutong, he heard a burst of disorganized footsteps behind him, Wei Qian turned around and looked back, so furious that his liver fire nearly spewed out of his nose, he glared viciously at Wei Zhiyuan, who had a handful of hair sticking out of his head, "What are you doing following me out here? Go back!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was like a puppy that had done something bad and had been discovered by its owner, frozen in place and not moving, with his head down and his hands behind his back, staring at the tips of his shoes, wanting to pretend that he was a nonexistent thing.
  
  Wei Qian grunted and continued to walk forward.
  ...... Then the sound of kicking footsteps behind him followed again.
  
  As soon as Wei Qian turned back, Wei Zhiyuan stopped with an innocent expression, and as he walked forward, the child followed, always keeping a distance of more than twenty meters from him.
  
  Wei Qian made a gesture to turn back to catch him, Wei Zhiyuan also saw the opportunity quickly, twisted his head and ran.
  He ran faster than a rabbit, looking back as he ran to see if his big brother had caught up.
  
  Just as Wei Zhiyuan swiftly rushed through the corner of a small hutong, he turned back and realized that his big brother was not chasing him any more, Wei Zhiyuan tried to take two steps back, and when he arrived at the corner to probe, his big brother disappeared!
  
  Big Brother must have turned onto another road and lost him while he was running forward.
  Wei Qian was more cautious and never mentioned where he was going, so Wei Zhiyuan didn't know either.
  
  The boy furrowed his brows, using the limited clues, mulled them over in place, remembering Wei Qian's phrase, "Brother will be back when you start school"-Big brother seems to be gone for more than a month, and that must be a long way away, so he's going to either the train station or the coach station. .
  Right now it is not even five o'clock, the sky is not even bright, and Xiaoyuan also knows that the general long-distance bus is more than six o'clock in the morning to open the first bus, Wei Zhiyuan with its rich experience of wandering to judge, big brother is most likely to go to the place, is the train station.
  
  He decided to take his chances and ran in the direction of the train station.
  
  It was many years later that train stations were built more and more foreign and managed more and more strictly. At that time, the entrance to the train station was still basically unmanned, and of course, the tickets were not real-name system, so every night, some migrant workers who couldn't find a job within a short period of time would bunk in the train station in order to save on lodging fees.
  There are all kinds of people in there.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan mixed in the overnight crowd, found a small corner and hid, his eyes tightly staring at the direction of the entrance to the station, did not dare to blink, on the way, he took out the strength of the Games sprinting, running to the chest ache, however, the tight and slow rush is always rewarded - he squatted squatted five minutes later and saw Wei Qian entering the station.
  
  The moment he saw his big brother, Wei Zhiyuan wanted to jump up and pounce on him, but he held back.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan calculated in his heart, if he was discovered by big brother now, he would definitely be sent back immediately or dumped again, he was not willing to fail in his endeavors, so he stuck to the dimly lit wall and quietly followed Wei Qian.
  There is only one train a day to Guangdong, so even at 5:30 a.m., the waiting hall was packed.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan is not afraid of the crowd, the more people he is, the easier it is to mix the car, and he has experience in this matter.
  He saw his big brother sit down in a random corner, take out an old book from his bag, and read it quietly in the noisy waiting hall.
  Wei Zhiyuan watched him attentively while looking for a suitable opportunity - a chance to mix up the car.
  
  Finally, he found a pair of foreign couples carrying big bags and small bags of luggage, these two people also do not know how many children, are almost put together a soccer team, ignoring family planning, assembly line-like production.
  Big kids and little kids scurry all over the place, and the man sits off to the side in a formal manner, nervously checking the ticket in his hand over and over again.
  
  When checking the tickets into the station, Wei Zhiyuan secretly followed the couple, mixing in the middle of a large number of children.
  There were so many people checking the tickets that the steward had no time to count them, and with a pincer movement on the dozen tickets in the man's hand, he let them all through.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan got onto the platform without any danger, then quietly left the pile of children, followed Wei Qian, and walked to the carriage of the car Wei Qian was in.
  Boarding a large number of people congested in the door, no one lined up, all you push me to shove, guarding the door of the stewardess can not do anything but yell at the top of their voices, "do not crowd it", while fumbling to take over the hands of the passengers to check the ticket.
  
  In the moment when the stewardess looked down at the ticket, Wei Zhiyuan, the ticket evasion professional, had already leaped into the compartment like a loach, he first stood on tiptoe to take a look to make sure that his big brother was really in this compartment, and then contentedly shrank into the cubicle with the washstand for the time being, and the job was done.
  
  Train seriously overcrowded, aisles and even toilets are crowded with people, in addition to the ancient skills of the trolley selling "peanuts, melon seeds, eight treasure porridge", even a fly can not fly over, more than thirty hours of hard seat carriages is not the general quality of the body can be carried down.
  Because there were so many standing tickets, so many people had to be crammed into the toilets that the two toilets at the end of the carriage were artificially divided into men and women - men who went to the toilet went to the one crammed with men to solve their problems, and women went to the one crammed with women to solve their problems.
  Into the, not only to take off his pants to facilitate to be surrounded by people, if not fee nine bulls and two tigers, he also do not want to come out.
  
  A long-distance travelers see Wei Zhiyuan lonely a little boy strange pity, so he gave him a foldable convenient small zipper, Wei Zhiyuan shrinking next to the washbasin, leaning against the dirty wall, sit down on the small zipper, began to doze off.
  
  At first it was bearable, but as time went on, he began to feel hungry and cold.
  Wei Zhiyuan had already begun to leap up in size, and had been extraordinarily prone to hunger in recent times; from morning to night, he hadn't taken in a drop of water, and felt that he had almost been front to back, starving into a sheet of paper, so he had to close his eyes to sleep as a means of escape.
  
  He felt as if he had only been in a daze for a short while when he was rudely shaken awake.
  As soon as Xiao Yuan opened his eyes, his whole body was jolted - he saw his furious big brother.
  
  Wei Qian easily from the toilet to fight out, and crossed the "thousands of mountains", intends to go to the opposite side of the washstand to wash his face, who knew that a low head saw that familiar little brat, Wei Qian froze for half a minute, and thought he had seen a mistake.
  After properly washing his face with cool water to clear his head, Wei Qian bent down and took a closer look - hell, it's really Wei Zhiyuan, that little son of a bitch!
  
  He used a small trick to get rid of the child, I thought the little thing will go back on its own without any help, but I did not expect that he actually quite magical, not only found the train station, but also mixed into the car!
  Wei Qian surveyed Wei Zhiyuan with a circle of green and black under his eyes, thinking that this cub is not to be, may be to become a spirit.
  


24. Chapter XXIV

  Unfortunately, even if Wei Zhiyuan had become a god, he would not be able to escape from this lesson, not to mention becoming an elf.
  Wei Qian grimly slapped Wei Zhiyuan awake, carrying the back of his neck, all the way fishy across the floor full of people, like carrying sacks like Wei Zhiyuan to the carriage, his own seat, with the action of planting onions Wei Zhiyuan threw the seat, stood next to it, the mountain rain wants to be full of buildings, said: "What's wrong with you?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan realized that he had committed a major crime, can not be atoned for - must be beaten up, out of the "confession from leniency" general law, he put his own reasoning process, practical experience, as well as all the steps to escape from the ticket are accounted for.
  
  Wei Qian listened to his adventures, think three fat right, this bear child may really be a weasel change, looking for death are looking for so smart!
  He was just about to break into a rant without regard for public morals when he heard a sudden empty stomach rumble from Wei Zhiyuan's stomach, and the boy pressed his stomach, raised his head pitifully, and tilted a pale little face to look at Wei Qian.
  
  Wei Qian looked at him, and in that moment, the expression was almost melancholic.
  
  Big brother was worn out of temper by Wei Zhiyuan alive, so he had no choice but to helplessly buy that little brat a loaf of bread, a ham sausage and a bottle of mineral water from that legendary cart, and watched from the sidelines as he stuffed himself like a little hungry wolf.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan ate and drank enough, foreboding that he could not make good at this time, and anxiously got down from his seat, "Brother, you sit."
  Wei Qian did not say a word, just looked at him, Wei Zhiyuan felt a gust of cloudy wind near his little neck, and then he did not even dare to utter a breath, and silently sat back.
  
  For the remaining nearly twenty hours, Wei Qian was leaning against the back of the seat to stand down the entire time.
  
  They got off the train in a city in Guangdong, found a place to rest first, stayed in a small hotel with a decent price, and slept in the dark first.
  After waking up, Wei Qian took a shower and bought some boxed lunches and came back to eat, and when the brothers rested and ate well, Wei Zhiyuan got a bad beating as expected.
  
  After the exciting men's singles, Wei Qian used the hotel receptionist's phone to contact Zhao Laojiu, then he fished out twenty dollars from his pocket and gave it to Wei Zhiyuan, sternly warning, "If you're hungry, go out and buy something to eat on your own, and don't leave this place for more than a hundred meters, and if you dare to wander off again, I'll break your legs."
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Oh."
  
  Wei Qian slapped him hard on the thigh, "Do you hear me!"
  Wei Zhiyuan quickly puffed out his chest, put his middle finger against the seam of his pants, and reported in the tone of a Nazi calling out, "Long live the Führer!"
  
  Not long after, a man on a motorcycle came from under the building and drove Wei Qian away.
  Wei Zhiyuan stuck his head out of the window and watched his big brother leave all the way.
  
  The summer heat here is unbelievable, the air is humid, as if it were a big steamer, and judging by what Big Brother means, he is planning to stay here for more than a month.
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't want to cause him any trouble, and he concentrated on lying down on the bed, drying his nearly swollen ass, while thinking about how he could not be a drag.
  
  Zhao Laojiu had already returned one step ahead of Weiqian, enthusiastically
------------

Reading in sections 22

He was invited to dinner and had a few drinks before he took out a contract to show him.
  Wei Qian's drinking capacity is just average, and can not be compared to a real sea of people, but the strings in his heart are too taut, and he is hard to hold out a very clear.
  
  He knew that the contract was a joke, that black boxing itself was illegal, and that signing it didn't mean he was bound by law not to break it, but rather declared that he'd put his life on the line - voluntarily, life and death, silver and money, each in his own way.
  
  The price is marked on it, according to the level, the lowest level, win a thousand, the higher the level, the more money you win, challenge the top boxing champion win, can get an unimaginable price in Weiqian's view ...... Of course, he just looked at it, did not move should not have the heart - he heard of these top boxers have undergone extremely harsh training, these people can sweep a leg out of a ton, really by his kick solid, can fly off the stage on the spot, five organs ruptured. -He has heard of these top boxing champions, these people have experienced extremely harsh training, a leg can sweep out a ton, really by his kick solid, can fly down from the stage on the spot five viscera rupture, is not a joke.
  
  Zhao Laojiu cold eyes to watch him scrutinize the contract, found that this kid face hot heart cold, push the cup to change on the slope of the skill of the donkey familiar, very know how to give people face, but when it comes to the real, but not so good to fool.
  
  Zhao Laojiu lit up a cigarette, looked askance at Wei Qian and said, "The rules everywhere are pretty much the same, you also redundant look, I'll recite to you that we are not the same - the first one, you can't just say come and go, even if you want to go, you have to finish the three fights for me. The fourth master will pay for food and accommodation, but you have to give his old man's face, this reason you understand, right?"
  
  Wei Qian didn't move, "And?"
  
  "There is no turning back arrow," Zhao Laojiu continued, "that is, on the stage, only allowed to go forward, not allowed to go backward, only allowed to upgrade, not allowed to degrade, when to go on the stage, how to play, you have to listen to my ...... that is, the fourth master's Arrangement."
  
  That is to say, even if he had just had his leg broken in the morning, in the afternoon, at Boss Hu's command, he just had to crawl to the ring, still against someone stronger than before.
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes and thought, "Ninth Brother, there really isn't this rule anywhere else."
  
  "This reasoning Jiu I certainly know, so we have extra benefits ah! The money for winning the match is counted separately, this ......" Zhao Laojiu held a cigarette, fished out his wallet from his pocket, casually pulled out a stack of RMB, and pushed it to Wei Qian, "Deposit, you just arrived, the water and soil are not suitable, right? Eat something good, count a little bit of Jiu's thoughts."
  
  Wei Qian took his eyes and swept a thousand dollars.
  He didn't reach out to take it, just smiled as best he could looking a bit rushed, "Ninth Brother isn't afraid I'll run off with the money?"
  
  Zhao Laojiu stretched out his oily hand and patted his shoulder with force, and laughed: "Such a little pocket money, your ninth brother I'm not in the eye - you are small in age, and I'm not hypocritical to call you Wei - Xiao Wei, you're young. There is a lot of future, young people can not be greedy for money, but also can not not be greedy for money, eyelids are too shallow, a lifetime can not become a big thing, you say there is no sense?"
  
  Wei Qian looked at him, slowly picked up the small stack of RMB and stuffed it into his pocket, the lightweight bills weighed heavily on his chest like a lead balloon, Zhao Laojiu smiled with satisfaction and continued, "In addition to the deposit, the fourth master also gives you a commission, win a game, on top of the prize money, he'll give you a doubled reward, you'll know when the time comes, a thousand and eighty hundred dollars? Hey, hey, pocket money only."
  
  Zhao Laojiu gave Wei Qian a new room in the hotel near the boxing ring, instructed the motorcycle boy to send him meals every day, what to buy what to order, Wei Qian and the motorcycle boy greeted, first went to the hotel to check out, picked up Wei Zhiyuan, after this tired little cub settled down, alone to the boxing ring.
  
  The ring is indeed new and there are workers in the corner putting in lamps.
  Around the stage is very dark, not blinding light only to the stage, so as not to distract the energy of the fighters. The so-called "stage" is the center with a yellow line surrounded by a piece of area, people walk around the side, as long as they are not afraid of being injured by mistake, as close as you want to be as close as possible.
  Higher up and farther away were the guest seats, which were quite a few, but not full, and one was dressed up pretty much like that.
  
  Most of the boxing ring is a man, there are also women, some are female fighters, basically a big waist face fierce, not to say that can not be seen is a woman, the other is ambiguously dressed, the color is like a spring flower, most of the guests are shuttled to the hospitality of the guest table.
  
  Wei Qian slipped sideways and walked in, very low key, found a place without lights, and waited to see the opening.
  
  When the lights of several arenas lit up at the same time, deafening whistles and loud calls of profanity erupted from the crowd, and Wei Qian narrowed his eyes and looked toward the nearest arena.
  Only to see two men standing in the middle of the stage, both bare-chested, one of them was a strong man with a foot of nine meters, all tendon flesh, he slowly moved his neck and limbs, as if intentionally trying to cause pressure to his opponent.
  His opponent, on the other hand, happened to be facing in Wei Qian's direction, the man couldn't be said to be small, but compared to the big, strong man across the street, he looked a bit malnourished, and he had a long scar on his chest that looked like a big, ugly centipede lying on him, and under the light, his eyes were covered with blood.
  Wei Qian's eyes were good, and from a short distance away, he saw that the corner of this man's eye was twitching nervously and continuously.
  
  Wei Qian's muscles instinctively tightened as he felt as if there was something wrong with this person.
  
  The dealer set up a table behind the race table, and the beauties began to encourage people to place bets, the odds of the strong man and the scarab were one to two, and many people crowded over to place their bets, and Wei Qian made room and stepped back one step.
  At that moment, a teenager rushed up in an undershirt, a big bell in his hand, and bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, the delegate opened the show.
  There is no professional referee here, everyone is a referee, those who go on the stage, there are no rules, life or death, one side stands until the other side lies down.
  
  Wei Qian's attention hadn't been pulled back from the teenager wearing big pants and a big undershirt, the burly man slammed a left hook down on his opponent's face, he had boxing gloves on and appeared to have a fist as big as a basketball, the scarred man was caught off guard and had his face knocked to the side, instantly his nose bled, Wei Qian suspected that his nose was crooked.
  The sound of people behind him was so loud that it shook his ears.
  
  Suddenly hit on the head easy concussion, by the beer bottle smashed people know that feeling, smashed heavily, on the spot can be confused, who knows that the scarred man's brain seems to be made of iron, but did not care, he even nosebleed is not wiped, pounced on the bare hands of the strong man two regular thigh-thick arms, cannonball-like launch into the strong man was forced to open the arms of the elbow, a cross. Stabbed solidly in the heart of the strong man.
  The strong man's internal organs have been hit hard, backward three or four steps back, the footsteps immediately appear to be floating, not waiting for him to come back to his senses, the scarred man let out a strange cry, flying up a foot to make up for it, and directly kicked the strong man to the ground on his back.
  
  Wei Qian and everyone stretched their necks to see, according to the reasoning of one side down, there should be a referee to count the seconds, but there is no referee on the scene, there is no one to block, the man with the scar multiplied and pressed up, like a crazy mole as chaotic to the body of the strong man punching and kicking, mouth "ow" shrieking, living like a disease.
  
  The audience were drugged like exuberance, there were yelling, hollering, not far away also do not know who broke the glass, a smell of beer wafted, mixed with the stench of sweat and blood, Wei Qian could not help but lean against the handrail of the staircase, his palms dipped out sticky cold sweat.
  It was only then that the battered strong man let out a wailing plea for mercy and raised his hands above his head that three or four bouncer-like men leapt onto the stage, racking up the man in the form of a maniacal Scar and pulling the two men apart.
  
  The teenager who had rung the bell earlier ran up and raised one of the scarred man's hands, and the crowd cheered loudly as those who had won the bet swarmed up to the dealer to collect their money.
  Wei Qian didn't care who lost or won, he stared closely at the scarred man who won the match, only to see that he had a bloodstained face, the red blood in his eyes was even more pronounced, his eyeballs were rotating unnaturally at high speeds, his chest was rising and falling dramatically, and his expression was blank and dumbfounded.
  He didn't seem to be able to regain his senses before the teenager led him down the path.
  
  The exit of the retreat was right next to Wei Qian, Wei Qian watched all the way as the scarred man walked woodenly like him, and then just when he was about to brush shoulders with him, the man suddenly gave a start, his eyes widened steeply, his pupils contracted violently, and he fell to the ground, and the man first twitched, then foamed at the mouth, and in the end struggled violently for a few times, and then he didn't move at all.
  
  Wei Qian took another step back and stood on the two steps, towering over the supine man for a few moments, wide-eyed, and by the faint light, he judged the man dead.
  
  A chill crept up his tailbone all the way up his spine.
  


25. Chapter XXV 

  Not long after, there are people crowded over, Wei Qian was pushed to one side, the person seems to be a paramedic, idly pressed Scar's carotid artery, and turned his eyelids, a few minutes later stood up, looked indifferent and announced: "Carry away, dead, this bad boy himself stimulants ate too much sudden death. No ability to fight, but also learn others on the stage, deserved."
  
  This sentence caused a group of anger, the party just lost money people have jumped out to scold the dealer backdoor operation, the stage is still staged on the next life and death struggle, the stage has developed into a group fight, only the opening, the high / high tide.
  
  Wei Qian dodged a few punches that narrowly missed him, a passerby, and silently walked out, and in the wet, sticky night air, he quickly crossed the street and walked to a small supermarket that sells cigarettes, wine, tea, and candy, bought a pack of cigarettes, monkeyed around with unwrapping them, and pulled out one to light it up and shove it in his mouth.
  An old man who was planning to go into the supermarket looked at him twice and, looking at him, thought that he was not smoking but taking drugs and froze in fear, going around the road.
  
  From start to finish, Wei Qian was expressionless, only his hands covered in cold sweat kept shivering.
  
  When he went back, Wei Zhiyuan had already fallen asleep.
  Wei Zhiyuan hadn't smelled that thick, choking odor of cigarette smoke for a long time, and he opened his eyes in a half-asleep state, asking in a daze, "You smoked?"
  
  Wei Qian answered softly, "Well, not next time, I'll take a shower, you sleep."
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't squeak and didn't have a problem with him smoking, he was even obsessed with the smell.
  
  The room that Zhao Laojiu gave them was a standard room, the conditions were good, the air conditioner was cold enough and the environment was clean. The most important thing was that there were two beds, squeezing together at home was out of the question, here, Wei Qian did not intend to condescend himself, so after a hasty wash, he laid down on the other bed.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had completely woken up at this time, he was very unaccustomed to find that his big brother had no intention of sleeping with him, after waiting for a while, Wei Zhiyuan estimated that his big brother had already fallen asleep, so he stepped on his slippers and quietly climbed into Wei Qian's bed.
  Who knew that Wei Qian wasn't asleep either, and he opened his eyes as soon as the cubs moved.
  
  Wei Qian was getting annoyed in his heart and slapped Wei Zhiyuan on the back without any good humor, "What are you coming over to beg for again?"
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't say anything and lightly burrowed into his quilt.
  
  Wei Qian: "Are you sick? There are two beds and you have to come to me to squeeze in."
  Wei Zhiyuan whispered, "I want to sleep with brother."
  
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes expressionlessly to look at him.
  Wei Zhiyuan shrank downward, avoiding his gaze, and reached around one of Wei Qian's arms, playing a silent trick.
  Wei Qian crowed and laughed, this little thing has been eleven or twelve years old, but it is still so sticky, sticking to him all the way from home to the south, going out all the way, but also sticking to his bed ...... all the time is really sad.
  
  Wei Qian didn't drive him away again, and borderline remembered something else.
  Zhao Laojiu gave him a thousand dollars is still in the shirt chest pocket, make him like a fish in the throat, lying on his back also pressure chest pain, Wei Qian is considering, with this thousand dollars just run away quietly, never again come to this is the feasibility of the place of wrongdoing.
  
  However, the words that Zhao Laojiu had said to him inevitably echoed in Wei Qian's head, and Wei Qian was depressed to realize that Zhao Laojiu had simply seen through him.
  
  Going to fight/blackmail for a couple thousand bucks sounds like something only someone with a hole in their head could do.
  Rationally, Wei Qian of course agreed with this view, yet the dozen or so RMBs just lingered and lingered in his head.
  
  There was no way he could drive this crazy craving away.
  
  Wei Qian suddenly understood, some all day by their own husband wife in the spirit or physical abuse, even still crying and refused to divorce the psychopaths are how to think, that is really obsessive ah, really cut off the true love ah!
  
  Wei Qian thought to himself mockingly, dare not say anything else, but his feelings for RMB are definitely not inferior to any kind of love or twisted or obsessive love in the world.
  It's not too much to say that it's soulful and haunted.
  
  So the question of whether to take the money or his life began a fierce battle in his head, fiercer than when he'd pondered whether to kill his mother with a pocket knife.
  
  Just then, Wei Zhiyuan spoke.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said, "Brother, I need to tell you something."
  Wei Qian absently and casually responded, "Huh?"
  
  "There's a Szechuan restaurant underneath our building, and I talked to the owner, and from now on I'm going to work for them, serving plates and food, and the owner promised to pay me five dollars a day."
  
  Wei Qian froze and came back to his senses, "What did you say?"
  Wei Zhiyuan continued, "They thought I was small at first, afraid that someone would come to investigate, so I said I could pretend to be their son and come over to help out during summer vacation--Brother, I've seen their recruiting ads, and I've also inquired about it, and if I found an adult to do it, I would have to pay at least ten dollars a day, and as long as the boss isn't stupid, he's I'm sure he'll want me."
  
  Wei Qian didn't say anything for a long time, Wei Zhiyuan was afraid that he would be upset, and hastened to add, "I won't mess up for you, I go out every morning at ten o'clock and come back in the evening."
  
  Wei Qian turned around and put his arm around Wei Zhiyuan's shoulder, "Is your brother poor and crazy? Lack you this five dollars?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "I can make money too, I'm not a liability."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said the word "burdensome" so softly that it was almost swallowed into his throat, but Wei Qian was too close and still heard it.
  Wei Qian suddenly moved in his heart, heard the meaning of his words, vaguely a little bit not taste, after a while, he stumbled undecidedly asked: "Xiao Yuan, big brother is not good to you?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze and quickly shook his head.
  
  Wei Qian raised his hand and touched
------------

Reading in sections 23

His head, putting his voice as level as he could, "You're not a liability, and neither is Bao, you're still young, it's only right that I raise you."
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his eyes to look at him, Wei Qian slightly roughly pressed his head down, "In the future, when you two grow up, you can remember to give me old age on the ...... line, sleep."
  
  After he said this, miraculously, his heart was clear, and he no longer considered the question of whether he wanted money or life - Wei Qian decided that he would contact Zhao Laojiu tomorrow, and that he intended to take a week's rest and go back on the field afterward.
  
  What if it's really dead?
  
  If it's dead, he thought, so be it.
  Life and death have their destiny, wealth and fortune, he came all the way here to fight/black boxing, in the end, not for others, always more for himself, he wants a future, he has to fight, nothing to say, nothing to complain, fair enough.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan would have preferred to be dumb if he knew that it was his words that pushed his brother into the ring.
  
  The beginning of a week, lived very peacefully, Wei Zhiyuan do not know what the big brother is busy, anyway, every morning, like sending him to school to send him to the small hotel, and in the evening will be on time to pick him back, someone on time to send them meals, sometimes or he has never eaten a foreign meal, Wei Zhiyuan have a kind of illusion that they are here to travel.
  
  However, a week passed quickly, and that day, Wei Qian came late for the first time.
  
  The day will be late, the hotel guests less, Wei Zhiyuan do not have to run a trip to serve the food, he sat on a small bench boss gave him, almost staring at the door, staring at a moment, look up a moment to see the table, has waited until the day has been completely dark, a person only lifted the curtains to come in, first politely rushed to the hotel boss nodded, and then Wei Zhiyuan waved.
  
  The boss's wife had just stuffed five dollars into Wei Zhiyuan's pocket, Wei Zhiyuan couldn't wait to pounce on Wei Qian, like a cannonball, every time he pounced like this, his big brother would be able to catch him with one hand and then use his arm to pin him down, yoyoing him up with his feet off the ground, but this time, Wei Zhiyuan acutely felt that his big brother dodged out of the way.
  The moment he lunged over, Wei Qian unnaturally bent his back a bit, only catching Wei Zhiyuan with his arm, stopping him from continuing to lunge forward, and then turned halfway around, sideways to him, before pulling him towards the hotel.
  
  The smile on Wei Zhiyuan's face instantly tightened and he frowned and asked, "Brother, what's wrong with you?"
  Wei Qian: "Not much."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan leaned towards him and wrinkled his nose, smelling a scent of blood on him, "Then why do you smell like blood?"
  Wei Qian lied without batting an eyelid and said, "I met a pig killer on the road, splashed me with blood, and it was hard to wipe it clean."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that his intelligence had been insincerely insulted.
  
  Wei Qian, however, did not move and led him to a McDonald's, a kind of junk food that no one would even want to eat later on, but back then when it first came into the country it was still quite a luxury, with its colorful decorations and packaging, smelling better than it tasted, and so it had a huge attraction to children.
  
  Wei Qian rushed in when it was about to close and went in to buy a children's set and an ice cream for Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  "I'm warning you," Wei Qian said, "just eat it, go back and don't tell your sister, she's annoying as hell, you hear me?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was instinctively attracted to the food on the one hand, but on the other hand, his heart was torn between the two, he nodded with a bitter expression and lifted the ice cream to Wei Qian's mouth, "You taste it."
  
  Wei Qian flickered back, a pained expression flickering across his face, waving his hand in rejection, "I'm full, I don't have an appetite."
  When he finished, as if to make himself seem more credible, he said with mock disdain, "It's all for children."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan retracted his hand with some regret and cherished a lick of this dead expensive ice cream in his hand, all the while surreptitiously observing his brother.
  Borrowing the weak street light, Wei Zhiyuan realized that Wei Qian's face was extremely pale, and the sweat on his forehead soaked a few strands of his hair, sticking to the corners of his forehead and temples, almost appearing as if he was somewhat emaciated.
  Wei Qian's brow furrowed slightly and kept that expression.
  
  Wei Qian, this person, and unfamiliar people how to call brother and brother can be, even if he is born with a solitary character, the days of begging for a living around also sharpened him into a person who knows how to be smooth, only to face his family, his original stinky temper will not be hidden.
  Wei Zhiyuan know, big brother extremely hate other people noisy, especially hate grandmother nagging, in the family, he wants to maintain parental dignity, so do not like to make himself look lively, he rarely laugh, also rarely praise anyone, over time, Wei Zhiyuan can only through his behavior and subtle expression to judge his mood good or bad.
  
  In his experience, his brother was mostly in a pleasant mood when his face was expressionless but his body posture was relaxed.
  If you have a bad face, but are willing to open your mouth and curse, you are upset, but the upset is so mild that it's the kind that you forget in the blink of an eye.
  If his face sinks while his eyes become sharp and he doesn't say a word, he's very angry.
  
  He would not frown all the time, only when he was not feeling well would he unconsciously frown gently for a long time, looking with a very serious expression, but actually enduring the pain.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan silently finished his food and was obediently sent to bed by Wei Qian. He kept his eyes closed and pretended - this trick Wei Zhiyuan was familiar with, when he was first taken in by his big brother, he was always worried that he would be thrown out at night and didn't dare to sleep through the night, sometimes his nerves were too nervous to sleep, so he would pretend to be asleep.
  
  Sure enough, not long after, Wei Zhiyuan heard Wei Qian rustling up, and he felt that his big brother's movements were a bit stagnant, and his arms propped up on the bed were slightly shaking.
  Wei Zhiyuan secretly opened his eyes a small slit, Wei Qian seemed to remember something and suddenly turned around, Wei Zhiyuan hastily closed his eyes.
  
  Fortunately, Wei Qian didn't pay attention and quickly stood up, fished out the injury medicine from the drawer of the nightstand and walked into the bathroom.
  Just took off his shirt, before he had time to rub the medicine, Wei Qian first held the toilet and vomited, however, there was nothing in his stomach, just acidic water, and his opponent's punch hit his stomach, a solid one, so much so that he couldn't help but be nauseated when Wei Zhiyuan made him eat ice cream.
  
  It took a while for the retching to settle down, Wei Qian could barely stand up straight, and after looking down carefully to make sure there was no blood in the toilet bowl, he breathed a slight sigh of relief.
  After all, it's young and not serious.
  
  Wei Qian rested against the wall for a few moments before rinsing his mouth with water and starting to treat the wounds on his body.
  His bare/naked upper body was covered with horrible bruises, and there was a large purple bruise that seemed like a spider web on his crotch bone where his pants were pinned, Wei Qian gritted his teeth, drew down his belt, pulled his pants a little bit, and dabbed the ointment first and pressed it vigorously into the bruise, he wanted to push the bruise away and the joints to move apart.
  Suffered this kind of trauma people know, the joints bruised a large piece of the original pain is difficult to bend, if they are accustomed to move, a long time, may be really painful to bend over, have to take advantage of the time is not "rusted", have to endure the pain to move it.
  
  Underground boxing is more dangerous than he thought, only the first game, the lowest level, Wei Qian won tough, but he has already stepped out of this step, in his pocket there are still Hu Sifu called to send three thousand dollars of pay and prize money, he can't back out, unless he stayed through the Zhao Laojiu said three games.
  
  But tough to tough, he this level of fighting, although all over the body wounds are inevitable, but always can not die, besides Zhao Laojiu only said three games, and does not necessarily have to win, really can not he can also admit defeat - provided that Hu four masters and Zhao Laojiu they are willing to allow him to step by step to upgrade, step by step to finish the three games.
  
  The person who died at his feet that day has always lingered in Wei Qian's mind, like this black boxing ring, almost everyone will take doping, this is the unspoken rule, the boxing ring will also provide doping trade, but a little bit of common sense people know that this thing ultimately have degrees, overdose to the human body caused by the damage is irreversible, and may even go to the spot to see the ancestors.
  
  That scarred man looked like a veteran, there was no way he didn't understand this, and his opponent was covered in medium looking block muscles, not necessarily enough explosive power or endurance, definitely not powerful enough for that scar to be dead set on dunking this stuff.
  
  Either something is pushing him, or ...... the stimulant he is taking is not a common one on the market.
  
  The pain stimulated Wei Qian s brain, he put down a vicious hand to rub the bruises on his body, but his brain turned fast, to this point, he suddenly had a terrible idea, if Hu Si masters go around to find some rootless fighters like themselves, not just to warm up the scene, but to ...... test the drug?
  
  Wei Qian was so absorbed in his thoughts that he didn't even notice that at the bathroom door, Wei Zhiyuan ran down the bed with his bare feet and was cautiously looking in through the doorway. Wei Zhiyuan's eyes were red, like an enraged beast, he desperately gritted his teeth to bear it, a tendon jumped endlessly near his temple, and he had the illusion that he had bitten his teeth to pieces.
  
  After an unknown period of time, Wei Qian put down the box of ointment, propped his hands on the washbasin, gently "hissed", and then received a handful of cool water, washing away his head and face of cold sweat.
  Only then did Wei Zhiyuan come back from a piece of wood, quietly leaving and lying back on the bed.
  
  He didn't lie down for long before Wei Qian came out with a cold vapor and medicinal smell, however, he seemed to have remembered about this little cub's nose spirit, after hesitating for a while, Wei Qian bent down and pulled the quilt for Wei Zhiyuan, turning around and heading towards the other bed.
  Wei Zhiyuan finally couldn't help himself and said in a muffled voice, "Brother."
  
  Wei Qian was startled by his sudden outburst.
  I heard the little cub suddenly come with a sobbing voice: "If you don't have money, sell me."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't think so in his heart, and he didn't know why the words came out of his mouth.
  Probably ...... because he really has no body.
  


26. Chapter XXVI

  Wei Qian first froze, then his heart surged a indescribable flavor, seems to be a kind of connection without bloodline, in his heart tip tugged a little.
  He relaxed his body, leaning back against the cold sink, feeling the chill almost analgesic.
  
  "Nonsense what?" Wei Qian looked at him, suddenly laughed, half jokingly asked, "Boy, you can be worth a few dollars? Little girls can be bought back as child brides, buy you a half-grown boy back for what? For people to eat ah?"
  Wei Zhiyuan realized that he had said something stupid, he suddenly realized that he couldn't change it back, but whenever he opened his mouth, he would instinctively simulate the mentally retarded child Song Xiaobao, picking out the most stupid things to say.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan decided that he couldn't go on like this, it wasn't enough to be likeable, and it wasn't enough to be pampered and act cute.
  He stood upright, as if he were a pioneer taking an oath to the flag and said in a loud voice, "When I grow up, I'll take care of you, I'll make money, I'll support you, okay."
  
  Wei Qian's heart suddenly softened a bit, for the first time he clearly felt that he had sunk down a piece of his heart, so much so that he was at a loss for words and almost didn't know how to express himself, so he had to make a nasty grown-up look and joked about Wei Zhiyuan: "Then you grow faster, I see that the radish grows faster than you."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan swore, "I want to grow up tomorrow, I ...... I have been good to you all my life, and I won't let you suffer a little bit in the future."
  
  "Grow up tomorrow?" Wei Qian bent down and picked up Wei Zhiyuan with one hand, dropping the shoeless cub on the bed, "Where am I going to find you fertilizer with such immediate results?"
  The muscles in his arm trembled involuntarily, to the point where one hand was a bit unsteady, Wei Zhiyuan instinctively wrapped his arms around his neck, and in the next second, sardonically retracted his hand - he suddenly felt a bit ashamed of this action, as if in just the blink of an eye, he had already grown up to the stage where he was uncomfortable with this kind of childlike closeness.
  
  Wei Qian turned off the light and quickly fell asleep.
  On the one hand, he was really tired, and on the other hand, it was a certain sense of strength that belonged to a real adult that he got from his brother, and which sustained him frankly and calmly.
  
  Want him dead? It's not that easy. Le Xiaodong might not have had time to reincarnate.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan closed his mouth, and in the darkness, he opened his eyes to look at his brother's side face with blurred outlines.
  
  He gently closed his eyes, his expression peaceful, the bridge of the nose and the side of the lips as if painted, the hair is a little long, a strand of the forehead fell down diagonally, showing vaguely a few minutes of the childishness that will soon fade away.
  In Wei Zhiyuan's initially formed aesthetic, he felt that there is no second person in the world than his brother to look good, his brother is like the invincible God of Heaven, the original should fall on his head of the suffering all carried away, in the stormy weather to support a small pergola.
  The next day, Wei Qian still didn't dare to eat too much, and his stomach was still aching.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan ran to the small restaurant to take a day off, and when he came back, he began to pester Wei Qian, strongly requesting to go home, and the little thing was desperately trying to mold himself into a little manly image yesterday, and now the old state is back, and he began to be pampered and play a lout and do everything ...... He probably won t use other tricks to deal with his brother.
  
  ...... The result of his resistance was that he was forked in the mouth by Wei Qian with clear tape.
  
  Wei Qian briefly moved around before sitting down to look through the used textbooks he had brought with him.
  High school textbooks are a very anticlimactic thing, in a nutshell, they are as boring as they need to be, but Wei Qian doesn't feel it, he reads them with hunger and enjoyment.
  Wei Qian has been away from school for too long and doesn't want to go back to keep up.
  
  Every time he opened the old textbook, his heart will be miraculously quiet ...... Moreover, in his opinion, it is also quite fun, the original owner of the book is a cool love to publish their own feelings of the odd man out, even trigonometry can let him make up each out of a variety of small paragraphs, this odd man is also very good at drawing turtles, in addition to the main text and the notes of the place, each blank In addition to the main text and notes, every blank corner is filled with a variety of turtles, each scratching their heads, and so on.
  
  Oh yeah, the oddball labeled the last page, "When the divine turtle comes out, who will compete with it, and if you want to become a turtle, you have to go to the palace yourself first."
  I wonder what kind of reading this person has done.
  
  Wei Qian remained calm until noon, until the food delivery man came.
  
  The visitor brought two portions of food - Wei Zhiyuan usually works across the street and does not come back to eat at noon, so the food delivery is only for him, and on this day, Wei Qian did not even instruct the other party to send an extra portion to ...... them because he did not have an appetite. this shows that someone is watching them.
  
  pub (public house)
------------

Reading in sections 24

It was ordered by Zhao Laojiu, so maybe it was their own property, in which case, even the house wasn't necessarily safe, as there were likely to be cameras.
  When Wei Qian thought of this, he immediately maintained his nonchalant expression and silently sat back on the small sofa and table that came with the standard room, pulling out a piece of Post-it note paper and copying the "Turtle" from an old textbook as if he had nothing better to do, while sinking his heart into a careful consideration.
  
  Wei Qian is accustomed to guess the hearts of the people, he knows that most of the fighters at the bottom of the same as himself, lack of money, want to make a profit and then go, for these people, the appearance of the fee to get, the prize money is most likely not extravagant, that is, no one will be in order to win and play.
  
  If they get through the second one unscathed, then the third one will surely come, but it's highly unlikely that they'll choose to dope - because it's no big deal to lose and beg for forgiveness and surrender and take a couple of hits if they lose.
  But if they're pushed to the brink in the second, then these guys more than likely won't play in the third.
  
  Wei Qian didn't know how closely the other side was monitoring, he could basically guess that the hotel was owned by the other side, but whether there was any surveillance in the house, whether the cell phone was tapped, and whether he would be followed when he went out, Wei Qian couldn't be sure - there might be one or two of them, but it was unlikely to be everything, and it was unlikely that Zhao Laogu and the others would have that much energy.
  Taking a step back, assuming that Zhao Laojiu could really be facile, the entire downtown area would be in their pocket, and there was no way for these people to retreat, at least they could still play dead in the third game.
  
  It's always understandable to force your way into the ring half-dead and get slapped down, right?
  
  Wei Qian sketched out a playful king's tail with a single stroke, and the tip of his pen lurched as he thought to himself, "How would it have to be designed to make them, these life-thirsty and money-hungry poor fighters, rise to the occasion and play for their lives?
  
  Poking at soft spots? Like kidnapping family members?
  It also seems unlikely, according to his understanding these days, many low-level fighters are homeless, jobless, bachelor, and these people south of the accent, from wherever, that project is too big, laborious not to mention not in their own territory, but also prone to accidents.
  
  So Wei Qian concluded that the key factor was much simpler and straightforward - either money or blood.
  
  He guessed that the time between the second and third games must be very short, and it was even possible that those people would force him to play two games in one day ...... But how?
  This specific method of operation must be very simple, but clever and effective.
  
  Wei Qian outlined over and over again Wang Bao tail, thinking about the greed for money, he can control, there is a degree in his heart, earn enough to go. And Wei Qian believes that many people are also like him, there is such a spectrum in his heart, as for the blood ...... which of them have not seen the three religions and nine streams, and some of them have not been small in age, the blood is not so easy to be inspired.
  
  He couldn't think of anything for the time being, so he put down his pen and raised his hand to call over Wei Zhiyuan, "Go, go out with me and send money to grandma."
  
  Wei Qian put on his clothes, first pretended to be unfamiliar with the surrounding road, bought a map on the roadside, took the map, but also kept taking Wei Zhiyuan around the circle, after two circles, Wei Zhiyuan understood.
  
  The little boy was amazingly sensitive and immediately alertly tried to look back, Wei Qian reached out and gathered the back of his head to stop him.
  
  He wandered to the post office with Wei Zhiyuan, leaving five hundred for himself and remitting the remaining three thousand five hundred to Mrs. Song, then took out a handful of change and bought two ice creams on the side of the road, one for himself and one for Wei Zhiyuan. The two of them have been walking to a relatively empty roadway with no one around, before Wei Qian gently said to Wei Zhiyuan, "Don't talk nonsense in the future, find a way to contact your third brother, but don't be seen, and tell him not to come looking for us when he arrives."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan miraculously comprehended his meaning and asked in the same whisper, "What's the point of calling him here?"
  
  "I don't know yet, wait for me to think about it." Out of the corner of his eye, Wei Qian glimpsed a suspicious-looking person at the intersection who seemed to be sizing up the two brothers, met his gaze, and quickly pretended to look elsewhere.
  
  It's a not-so-subtle stalker.
  Wei Qian didn't move and lowered his gaze, his voice raised a bit and changed the topic, "Right, I haven't asked you yet, how did the final exams go?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his eyebrows in a flash and exclaimed, "Number one!"
  Because he often deliberately switches quickly between acting "stupid and naive" and acting "smart and useful", and has a lot of experience in being smart, Wei Zhiyuan's role changes so quickly that Wei Qian was stunned.
  Wei Qian paused for a moment before asking smoothly, "Is there a tie?"
  
  By this time, the two of them had walked across the intersection and brushed past the stalker, both seeming as if they hadn't noticed each other in the slightest.
  And Wei Zhiyuan also like a real stupid bear child, chest out and head up, not shy to perform what is called "good student show off": "Our class has never been tied with me! Oh, right, brother, I forgot to tell you, Xiaobao is in the bottom ten this time, the teacher criticized you by name and said that she will talk to you next semester."
  
  "...... Is it," Wei Qian gave a dry laugh, "why am I so honorable?"
  
  The posturing in the midst of the crisis was so on point that he didn't even forget to eyeball Song in the process!
  Wei Qian thought, this little cub is really desperate.
  
  In the evening, Wei Qian received greetings from Zhao Laojiu, who first shushed him and instructed him to let people buy whatever he loves to eat, and after the first fight, he was given a week to get used to it, and he was willing to wander around the area, so he could ask the food delivery guy to act as a tour guide for them.
  Zhao Laojiu also specifically mentioned Wei Zhiyuan: "Your brother that small child ah, growth is really too fast, I see him that pants, just came when still good, turn the eyes are short a big cut ...... Hey, this age is really no way, is to fee clothes."
  
  It didn't count when he finished like that, but that afternoon the food delivery man brought a set of clothes that, once they were on, fit perfectly.
  
  They just came less than half a month, Wei Zhiyuan neither ate efficient fertilizers nor turned into a genetically modified pea that went up to the sky overnight, which can be so counter-intuitive as to let his pants shorten by a large amount in the blink of an eye?
  Wei Qian knew that this was Zhao Laojiu using Wei Zhiyuan to warn him.
  
  In return, Wei Qian nonchalantly accepted the clothes, and then consulted the teenager who delivered the meal the city's most upscale place, and finally chose a French restaurant, and took Xiao Yuan to have a blood-expensive foreign meat.
  On the way, he acted like a road idiot who couldn't tell south-east from north-west, holding up the map, asking questions non-stop, occasionally throwing out a few questions that were extremely devoid of common sense, and using all his methods to seduce the teenager's talk box.
  
  Wei Qian didn't know if French food was any good, and he chose this restaurant because he walked over there just to pass by the underground boxing ring.
  
  As he passed by, Wei Qian glanced that way while squeezing the hand of Wei Zhiyuan that he was holding.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately understood and played dumb, asking, "Brother, what are you looking at? What is that place?"
  Wei Qian also pretended to be embarrassed as he glanced at the teenager leading the way and whispered, "Don't ask blindly, that's where people's offices are."
  
  A mocking smile flashed across the face of the teenager leading the way, but he quickly converged, following Wei Qian's words and bullshitting Wei Zhiyuan, "Yes little brother, the most powerful people in our area can go in to the office, so grow up well and grow up to go in as well."
  
  As he was talking, a stench came from the damp wind, Wei Zhiyuan covered his nose and said to the lead teenager with a straight brow, "You two are fooling the kids, it stinks, I don't think that place is awesome at all!"
  
  I saw a large garbage truck pull out of a very narrow intersection with several large buckets of garbage and countless garbage bags, large and small.
  Wei Qian rubbed his nose, and his heart suddenly fluttered - yes, where did all those dead people go?
  
  Those who had relatives were naturally claimed, so what happened to the bodies of those who had no relatives and didn't even leave a real name?
  
  Wei Qian's mind turned sharply, pretending to be a hick and fussing, "Yo, you guys even have someone here who specializes in cleaning garbage, we don't over there, we have to deal with it on our own, several garbage dumps, the stench is so bad that it can smoke the satellites down."
  The teenager leading the way didn't seem to be a core person, and told him in passing, "Well, there is a collection, pull it to the western outskirts of the city, cans and whatnot that can be sold, and the others burned in a fire-hey, it's almost time to eat, what's the point of talking about such a disgusting thing?"
  
  West side of town?
  
  Wei Qian glanced at the detailed map, only to see that it was a large empty area without any institutions or conspicuous buildings, probably a deserted area with few people, with a small river nearby that meandered and rolled all the way from the center of the city.
  
  In a flash of lightning, he had a guess in mind.
  And a week went by in the blink of an eye.
  


27. Chapter XXVII 

  The restaurant is always popular around two or three o'clock in the afternoon, and during that time Wei Zhiyuan, as a waiter serving plates, would have nothing to do, so one day, when he innocently asked the boss if he could play Snake on his cell phone, the boss gave it to him without a care in the world.
  
  Wei Qian studied the map and the municipal waste disposal system for a week, and Wei Zhiyuan played a week of gluttony ...... as well as sent a few messages to Sanfat.
  
  The first one is simple: third brother, help, do not return the text message, received at nine o'clock in the evening to play my brother's phone, ring a hang - small far.
  The second one, Wei Zhiyuan left the name of the city and address, followed by a note: do not return, do not look for us, find their own place to live, arrive to my brother to call, ring two hang up.
  
  On the fourth day, Wei Qian received two bells from Three Fatty.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan then followed Wei Qian's instructions and gave Sanfat a third message: get a big dog, call my brother when you get it, ring three times and hang up.
  
  On the last day, Wei Qian adjusted his physical condition and was ready to go to the ring.
  He got up early, and while Wei Zhiyuan was still awake, he took a carbon pencil and drew a small turtle on the back of the child's hand.
  
  Wei Qian has turned the old math textbook from cover to cover once, at the same time, he also followed the original master drew a dozen note paper turtle, at first glance, simply got the "turtle real" eight or nine points of the true heritage, drawing a perfect resemblance.
  After finishing the painting, Wei Qian put on his clothes and walked away in a fairy-like manner.
  
  Meanwhile, Three Fatty, with a big dog, had been sneaking around the western outskirts of the city searching for a day and a night.
  
  A pickup truck drove by, and Sanfat scrambled to avoid the headlights, pulling back on the leash and forcing the dog to cower and hide with him as he waited warily for the car to drive by.
  The big dog stretched out his long tongue, and seeing the big fat face of the third fat man with his trepidation come up to him, he licked him very obediently.
  
  Only when the car drove off did the three fat men storm off and snarl at the dog, "Motherfucker you just ate shit!"
  The dog apparently didn't see any hygiene issues with this and said, wagging his head and tail, "Woof!"
  
  Three fat worried about looking at the dog, somehow, it looks tall and handsome, but the IQ seems to be significantly lower than the level of similar: "Baby, we are here to consume a day, and then can not find, Wei Qian that little son of a bitch may be blowing the lights out of the wax."
  The dog ...... let's just call it Dog Joy - Dog Joy dragged him forward in high spirits, spilling out another "Woof" as if to say joyfully: "Let that little bastard die!"
  
  Three fat sighed: "Who says it is not, I also want that little son of a bitch to go to hell, he is just like a long legged trouble, I do not know what trouble this time - looking for corpses in the west side of the city, alas, your third brother I am obviously a comedy movie actor, his mother's a long way to let me come to guest star in horror movies! "
  
  Dog Joy suddenly braked, and Three Fatty's nerves tightened, "What's wrong? In this neighborhood?"
  ...... The only result was that the dog Joy lifted his leg and rushed to pee under the tree.
  
  Triple Fat: "......"
  
  At this time, three fat only realized that the dog joy has pulled him to a place of higher ground, look down, just can see the garbage incineration treatment plant, the stench of the sky, and do not know the dog joy with how many times more sensitive than human noses, this condition how can still maintain its joyful hero of the nature of.
  
  Triple Fatty squinted his eyes and looked down, he suddenly noticed that there were a few large garbage cans of a different color that hadn't been disposed of with the rest of the garbage, the small pickup truck that had driven past him earlier was parked next to the garbage treatment plant, a few people got out and carried the cans up and away.
  
  Those few people were definitely not from the garbage disposal plant, SanFat could see clearly - those who were willing to do this kind of work here were mostly people of some age, not many young people could take this kind of suffering.
  And the men who got out of the car were young and strong, each looking powerful and easily able to lift a very heavy looking trash can onto the car.
  Within moments, the pickup truck was back on the road.
  
  Three Fatty squatted down, took out the map, and whispered to Dog Joy, "That's not right, the map says there's nothing else over there, it's just a big empty space."
  Dog Joy ignored it and just had to pull him away.
  
  Three Fatty: "OK, then listen to you, go!"
  
  Three fat cats, all the way carefully dodging, distinguish the ruts and direction, with the help of the dog's nose, followed the trail of the pickup truck, already about to break dawn, he found a row of illegal buildings, seems to be the kind of folk illegal iron smelting small workshop, the pickup truck has already driven away, but a few garbage cans are lined up outside, with open lids, and one accidentally poured, it has been empty.
  
  Three Fatty poked his head around and peered carefully into the emptied trash can, thinking it was just too clean to be true.
  Trash cans have everything in them, especially some soupy stuff, and there is no way they are as clean as this one, it must have contained something else.
  
  Three Fatty had an indescribable feeling that he was in the right place.
  It wasn't until then that he noticed something strange about Dog Joy.
  
  The dog Joy's eyes widened, his fur exploded, and he bared his sharp canine teeth in the direction of the row of garbage cans, his paws pawing the ground uneasily in a gesture that was somewhere between fleeing and attacking - he must have smelled something already and was terrified.
  
  This morning, Wei Zhiyuan working in a small restaurant came a strange guest, just opened, he came in and ordered a bowl of noodles, not in a hurry to eat, just time-consuming like sitting.
  The owner and the boss's wife were a bit scared because people don't normally come to eat a bowl of hot and spicy noodles at this hour of the morning when breakfast is not breakfast and lunch is not lunch, the
------------

Reading in sections 25

The guest wore a short-sleeved undershirt with the edges of a tattoo peeking out from underneath, and a head of yellow hair that didn't look like a good person.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took Wei Qian's cell phone this day and put it on mute, waiting for news from Sanfat.
  If he finds it, the three fat ones will ring the bell for him once, and when it's done, the three fat ones will ring the bell for him again.
  
  The first ringing in the morning had already passed, but the second ringing was late, Wei Zhiyuan finally couldn't help but feel a little anxious in his heart.
  And just as he looked down at his phone, the strange guest stood up at some point and crept closer to him.
  
  Wei Qian has finished his second fight.
  As soon as he stood on the stage just now, he sensed that something was wrong. For someone like Wei Qian, who was used to being a fighter, as long as a person stood in front of him, he could basically sense whether the opponent was a threat or not at the first moment. In the second match, he had risen a level according to the rules, so his opponent should rightfully be stronger, but this person was not more powerful than his opponent in the first match at all.
  
  Wei Qian took this man down almost unharmed.
  
  The crowd booed in disappointment - because Wei Qian, his opponent, looked really, really tall and muscular to the layman.
  But only those who had been in the ring themselves knew that the man's muscles were just too gnarled, as if they were that way of Mr. Bodybuilder's, and the large, dead-like muscles severely limited the speed of his punches, and did little more than kinda resist punching.
  
  Weiqian wipes off the sweat and gets ready to go back to the locker room.
  
  Just as he was getting off the stage, Zhao Laojiu ran in panting, took him by the hand and dragged him into a corner, first pretending to look him up and down anxiously, and then very pretentiously letting out a big sigh of relief, patting him on the shoulder and saying, "Aiyo brother, it's good to be fine, it's good to be fine."
  
  Wei Qian knew that things had really come to a head.
  
  Without moving, he pretended to be confused and asked, "Huh?"
  
  Zhao Laojiu slapped his thigh: "Ouch, you say this group of people, what is the use of keeping them ...... just let them get it wrong! Your opponent, not at all you this kind of low tier, people are middle tier, that big man, a person can top you two heavy it! Nine brother just afraid of what happened to you ......"
  Wei Qian sneered in his heart, but his face cooperated by making a dumbfounded expression.
  
  Zhao Laojiu as if suddenly remembered something, pulled open the purse, from which he drew out a thick dozen of RMB - it looked really quite thick, two zhang and some more, Wei Qian gently turned over to know that, to say the least, there must be more than 20,000 yuan.
  "This time the appearance fee and the prize money for winning the match, according to the level of that person to give you, each ten thousand dollars, there are five thousand is Nine brother himself posted to you, alas, Nine brother can't do right by you ah, if not I didn't keep a close eye on it, wouldn't have let you suffer from this."
  
  Wei Qian pretended to refuse some, and finally lived up to the expectations of the "failure", put the money into his own pocket, Zhao Laojiu satisfied and kindly looked at him: "Young man ah, promising! Go, change your clothes."
  
  Wei Qian had already predicted all kinds of situations in his heart - of course, more than 20,000 dollars was a huge sum of money that he had never seen in his life, as a qualified money string, it was very normal for his liver to tremble and his brain to get hot, but very soon, it was pulled back by a strong willpower.
  He posted this way off the stage at a very slow pace, stopping midway to glance back at Zhao Laojiu and finding the man eying him with some sort of indescribably smug smile on his face.
  
  Find a weakling from nowhere, make him think he beat the intermediate, and then use the money to inflate his ego to the point of willingly jumping the next game?
  
  No way, real fighters can tell who's a tough guy and who's a vicious looking flamboyant guy, that one just now, they'll just consider it a fluke, how many people would go out of their way for the 25,000 bucks in their pockets?
  There must be, but those people are usually the ones who need big bucks, like the ones who are drug addicts, loan sharks, or providing for the sickest of the sick, and they don't just sign up for a three-game deal.
  
  For most of the lower level fighters with three fights about, this one was more than expected and there definitely won't be many with the guts to fight again.
  
  This is throwing money into the water, it is a meat bag, Zhao Laojiu can not be so stupid.
  
  Wei Qian's mind was calmer than ever before, turning almost at full speed, and suddenly, he stopped in his tracks.
  
  Zhao Laojiu's phrase "go change your clothes" suddenly echoed in his ears, Wei Qian remembered what was wrong - it was the locker room!
  
  From the very first start, Wei Qian had a vague feeling that the stage setup was abnormal.
  According to normal people's thoughts, the stages of neighboring levels should be next to each other so that it would be convenient for the spectators, and the stages of other levels were indeed lined up like that, but not the lower levels.
  The lowest level of the race table is near the main entrance, while the second level is at the very end.
  
  In this way, second-ranked fighters wishing to go back to the locker room had to go through a narrow aisle close to the edge, where there was only room for one person to pass, which was very narrow and almost dark inside, and in which the lights were said to be out and had not yet been installed.
  Whereas the fighters go from the outside when they get in the ring to give the guests a good view, there are separate rules for them to get out of the ring through the fighter's aisle to save them from blocking the view of the guests - who are not for them to mess with.
  
  In other words, the only way for the second level fighters to get off the stage was to take that one passageway, and that narrow black hole of a pathway was right in front of Wei Qian right now.
  
  Money and ...... bloodiness.
  
  In a flash of lightning, Wei Qian figured out how Zhao Laojiu would operate this matter.
  
  Imagine a poor boxer, out of sheer luck, with a huge sum of money he's never seen in his life in his arms, ecstatically walking into this aisle, at the deepest part of it, and what would happen to him if he was suddenly attacked by a sneak attack?
  What would have happened to him if the visitor had not only laid hands on him and injured him, but had also robbed him of the money he had on him?
  
  Being caught unawares in the dark and attacked is a tremendous psychological shock to a person, and a man who has just won a match from the ring and whose blood has not yet cooled, he will never fear or recoil from being attacked, he will only be angry, even hateful, and it's the out-of-control anger that will ignite the otherwise rationally controllable swells of feeling.
  
  Not to mention the money.
  The money you can t get is fine, but get it and then take it from him, everyone will be enraged ...... not to mention people like them, they will go crazy.
  
  Simple and crude, but certainly amazingly effective.
  
  Wei Qian's palms were drenched in sticky cold sweat.
  Just then, a man whispered behind him and asked, "Why don't you go?"
  
  West of the city, Sanfat felt like his body was about to explode with fear.
  So far, three fat also do not know Wei Qian and Wei Zhiyuan exactly what happened, only know that these two grandson did not greet and ran away, the Song old lady to be anxious to go round and round, almost on the tree, no longer care about scolding him Big Fatty, every day to see him, have to be like a sister-in-law of the Xianglin like chatter interrogation of a pass.
  
  SanFat is also anxious, the hemp incident happened once, SanFat although the mouth does not say, but almost have a psychological shadow.
  Plus, being read to so much by Mrs. Song every day, he was on the verge of breaking down.
  
  Until he received a text message from an unfamiliar number in Wei Zhiyuan's tone.
  
  Three Fatty bought a ticket from a scalper that day and rushed over, and has been extremely wary, especially when he received the news that Wei Qian and the others had entrusted him to find some kind of corpse.
  Of course, "corpses" two words in the paper, can only provoke three fat worry and worry ...... wait until he really see those real corpses, only without buffer almost be scared through the bitter gall.
  
  Three Fatty and Dog Joy sneaked into the illegal small workshop, on the way Dog Joy as if he could feel the fear and caution of this human next to him, surprisingly did not bark a single time, the other people probably already drove away, leaving only a middle-aged man inside to watch.
  
  The middle-aged man was in a gloomy hut, San Fat took a look, only to see that the hut was a simple shrine, which was dedicated to a statue of Buddha, the man was shivering and burning incense and kowtowing, and in the yard was a pile of scrap metal and iron, San Fat and Dog Joy were careful to avoid the rags and ran to a place that seemed to be a place to store the refinery tanks.
  
  Once inside, the timid can pee on the spot - there is a row of tanks, are corpses, a water surface facing the outside, rolled white eyes, open mouth, the most outside the body is still stiff, the most inside has been in the Guangdong humid and warm weather sent out a burst of rotting odor ...... The trough is not yet full, probably full before the unified incineration.
  
  Three Fatty sat on his butt on the spot, while the dog Joy gave a "woof" of extreme fear.
  


28. Chapter XXVIII

  Three Fatty clearly felt that his left brain and right brain had an unspeakable collision.
  He turned his head to look at the dog Joy, almost kneeling down, suspecting that this dog was his enemy in his past life, specially reincarnated to take revenge on him!
  The!
  
  Joy the dog couldn't tell what he was trying to say, so he yelled again, "Woof!"
  
  The sound of footsteps outside approached.
  
  Later, three fat thought of, in that time in the gurgling trip, there must have been some kind of unspeakable gap, there seems to be a kind of divine power in the netherworld, so that he made a decisive decision, rushed to the group of corpses, picking up a recently dead, the tallest corpse, make a milky effort, the body dragged up.
  The stiffness of the body helped him a lot, and the three fat men hid behind the body and made it "stand up".
  
  The room is very dark, without careful search, can not see that there is a person behind the "zombie".
  
  This time, Dog Joy stepped on the right beat and barked like crazy.
  The middle aged man who watched the field was already very trembling, and opened the door to see, inside a big black colored wolf dog is hysterically rushing to a green faced fangs zombie barking, and even more terrible ...... is that the zombie shook, and even slowly walked over to him!
  
  Folk since ancient times, there is a new funeral corpse can not touch the hair of the cat and dog, otherwise it will be fraudulent saying, watching the scene of the middle-aged man was in the heart of the ghost, see this scene, hanging no back to the air, he was dumbfounded and took a deep breath, pulling the voice hissed and yelled: "Ma'ah! Fraudulent corpse!"
  
  Three fat in order to respond to the scene, pinching the nose, behind the body issued a series of miserable "huh huh", the middle-aged man rolled and crawled out of the door, tripped over the threshold, fell all over the face of the blood, he froze and did not even dare to wipe, so did not return to run away.
  
  Three Fatty breathed a sigh of relief and patted his chest, "Fortunately, fortunately, feudal superstition kills people ah ......"
  As he was saying that, he let go of his hand, and the corpse spun in a half circle, right up against him, and his purple lips made a boop on Sanfat's face, and Sanfat's sweaty hairs stood on end, "Mom yeah!"
  
  He dropped the body in a hurry, stepped back, stepped on another body's hand, and the three fat men jumped three feet to the side.
  He was so shocked that he was almost evil, and squeezed out a vicious expression with his face of horizontal flesh, and swore to the dog Joy, "Wei Qian that son of a bitch, when I go back, I will definitely carry him upside down by his legs, roll him into a twist, put him in a frying pan, and deep fry him to a crispy exterior!"
  
  The dog joy in response to the words secreted a lot of saliva ...... Strange enough, it seems to understand none of the normal human commands, but it seems to know the four words of "outside and inside the tenderness" exceptionally well.
  
  Three Fatty saw a dismantled body bag in the corner, so he carefully put on his gloves, picked and chose two relatively short corpses, and fished out two business cards from his pockets that could be faked as real ones - they were homemade by a small print store he had found near his home, shining in gold, marked with the address of the boxing ring that Wei Zhiyuan had told him about, and also gave himself a suggestive and gaudy name.
  
  He stuffed each of the two business cards into the corpse's clothes, while later even stuffing and kicking them both into a body bag, zipped it up with difficulty, slung it over his shoulder with a loud yell, and slipped out of the backyard with Dog Joy.
  
  Not far away there is a small-scale natural village, three fat huffing and puffing and panting carrying a body bag to find a small slope, and then hide in the bushes to observe for a moment, threw a body from the bottom of the slope.
  The dog Joy, out of his nature to chase after high-speed objects, immediately ran off after it like a wild horse with its anus out.
  
  Three fat hands folded: "Amitabha Buddha, good, good, live for the great, let you two aggrieved, go back I must give you two burn enough paper money, although I look handsome, in the future do not turn into a ghost to molest me ah ......"
  
  Then he pushed the second body down with the shroud.
  
  In the village, domestic dogs and wild dogs are not divided, unless individual aggressive will be tethered in the yard, the other is basically free-range, these domestic dogs and wild dogs usually mix together to play, mix together to dine, but also mix together to get up.
  The dog joy of the unusual situation soon attracted a large number of native aborigines, a group of domestic dogs wild dogs in the blink of an eye like a river into the sea, gathered into a team, scrambling to join the ranks of the chase of the dead, shrouded bag swiftly by the group of dog things play bad.
  
  The commotion of the dogs also attracted attention, and the two dead bodies caused an uproar/wave.
  
  Three fat pushed the body and ran away, otherwise the villagers went up to the small slope to view him can not say.
  He hid in a nearby economic forest and took out his binoculars from afar - the same homemade one Wei Zhiyuan had made at the time.
  
  Twenty minutes later, several police cars drove over, and seeing that his mission was accomplished, San Fatty called Wei Qian's cell phone, hung up after a ring, and he waved his hand in the direction of the small natural village, saying goodbye to his dog brother in an unseen place.
  A big dog like this one, who loves to spread out, gets out of the concrete city and gets to run wild in the countryside later on, is kind of a home away from home.
  
  And then he took his foot off the gas and ran.
  
  Right now, he's done everything he can do, and the rest, he's just listening to God.
  
  In the downtown restaurant, the yellow-haired man finally came near Wei Zhiyuan and peered down at the cell phone in the boy's hand, noticing that he was playing Snake with an engrossed look on his face.
  
  "Kid, hey, kid." Yellow Hair nudged his shoulder.
  Wei Zhiyuan first answered, his eyes didn't leave the phone screen, and only after the game ended did he stand up in a panic: "Excuse me, what is it you want, guest?"
  
  Yellow Hair's eyes rolled, "Is it that much fun? I see you haven't done anything else in half a day."
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly lowered his voice in fear and explained, "I worked, I wiped the table, because you ate, I didn't dare to sweep the floor, when you eat
------------

Reading in sections 26

Finish cleaning up immediately. Guests ...... are there any dissatisfaction?"
  
  Yellow Hair narrowed his eyes and sized him up, as if he wanted to see a little bit of clues from this little boy's face, yet then he felt that he was overly concerned, after all, this was just a little brat who looked like he hadn't even graduated from elementary school yet.
  
  Yellow Hair resumed his seat.
  
  It was almost noon when the restaurant started to get busy, someone called for takeout, and the delivery clerk hurried out on his motorcycle.
  They didn't often have people ordering takeout here, they only needed a person to run errands once in a while, so there was usually only one person in charge of delivering takeout. Although Wei Zhiyuan didn't raise his head, his heart was simply ecstatic, he didn't expect his luck to be this good.
  
  After Wei Zhiyuan finished serving one of the guests, he made as if his cell phone was out of battery, turned behind the counter, placed it in the recess of the counter, plugged in the charger, and at the same time, out of sight of Yellow Hair, he plugged the built-in speaker with a towel, then quickly dialed the restaurant's phone number.
  
  The phone rings, Wei Zhiyuan expression natural pick up: "Hey ...... oh, may be long, you can wait? Uh, line ...... your address?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pretends, a stroke in the book next to write down a made-up address: "a moment to send you over, need to charge you another delivery fee of three yuan five."
  Then he hung up the phone and picked up his little book and walked to the back kitchen, "Uncle, there's a customer ordering Kung Pao Chicken for takeout ......"
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan brought his lunch box, took two dollars for the bus fare from the boss, and was ready to go, Yellow Hair also hurriedly settled the bill and followed Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  He was not a professional stalker - at least not as good as the perverted pedophile he encountered back then. Wei Zhiyuan soon "accidentally" spotted him, and the boy immediately stopped politely, "Are you done eating? Welcome to come back next time, please go ahead."
  
  Yellow Hair glanced at the downtown area where people were coming and going, so he had no choice but to stride in front of him.
  
  Yellow Hair flew around the road, so easy to turn around and follow Wei Zhiyuan again, but found that the boy was lining up to get on a bus, Yellow Hair was shocked, and hurriedly flew over, rushed to catch the bus before the door closed, a step from the back door and leapt up.
  
  The bus can squeeze people into photos, yellow hair roughly pushed aside one person after another, stretching his neck to look for Wei Zhiyuan, but Wei Zhiyuan disappeared!
  Yellow hair could not believe it, squeezing from the rear to the front of the car, and from the front to the rear, causing countless grievances, but he just could not find Wei Zhiyuan.
  He finally determined that the little brat was not in this car at all, and Yellow Hair rolled and got off at the next stop and ran back to the original place, where there was no trace of the little boy for a long time.
  
  The other party did not put Wei Zhiyuan such a small cub in his eyes, so he only left one person to watch, Wei Zhiyuan glanced out of the corner of his eye to see the yellow hair on the car, he quickly walked off the car, even risking his luck again, he managed to get rid of the person.
  Wei Zhiyuan carried a serving of Kung Pao Chicken and ran furiously all the way to find a pay phone, almost urgently contacting Sanfat, and only then did they get their first chance to converse and exchange ideas.
  
  And at this moment, in that black boxing ring with a gilded exterior and dirt hidden inside, Wei Qian's pupils instinctively contracted for a moment, and then he realized that his muscles reacted defensively, and after turning around, he had already adjusted his expression to that of a startled look.
  
  In front of Wei Qian stood an extremely oppressive man, wearing a staff's black clothes, his half-clenched fists were somewhat deformed - if this man clenched his fists, then the four fingers side by side would become an extremely flat plane, unlike ordinary people who had their middle knuckles slightly raised, and a person's hand certainly wouldn't be born that way, the This kind of fist is worn out raw after countless blows.
  This person was the tough one, Wei Qian instinctively took a step back - he suspected that this person was the one who Zhao Laojiu had given him the big gift, the one who was ready to beat him up in the dark aisle, probably waiting for a long time and getting a bit impatient.
  
  "Scared me, big brother why did you suddenly make a noise behind someone's back?" Wei Qian said, half complaining.
  The man asked again, "Why don't you leave?"
  
  Wei Qian grimaced bitterly, placing one hand on the small of his back, slightly bending a bit, "Ugh, I'm no good, when I'm nervous, I tend to get an upset stomach, I have to go to the restroom first."
  The man coldly sized him up, Wei Qian's back heart cold sweat dripped down his spine, calculating in his heart, if he fronted up and fought with this man, how many chances of victory could he have?
  
  A moment later, the other grunted contemptuously, "Just as well, I'll be there."
  
  As soon as he reached the restroom, Wei Qian quickly dug into a small cubicle and heaved a sigh of relief. He knew that the man was right outside, plainly not going to let him go, and his mind flew around - Three Fatty hadn't been heard from, could he be relied upon? If he couldn't, how was he going to get out of it?
  
  Just then, the sound of conversation came from the next cubicle, and a somewhat oily male voice said, "Normally, you can't beat him, but I've got some good stuff here."
  The other had a strange accent, as if his tongue was always sticking out, "What the hell?"
  The old oil man then said, "Take the medicine that grows vigorously, ah, many people secretly use the
  
  The big tongue asked dismissively, "You mean dope?"
  Old Oiler: "How is that stuff effective to come by? That will only make you play well, it can't really stimulate one's potential. This one of mine is the one that can really allow you to win a match by crossing over, after eating it you feel like you have inexhaustible strength, and whatever injuries you have on your body can be temporarily painless."
  
  There was a sound of someone tearing open a paper package from next door, and Wei Qian heard that big tongue say suspiciously, "This can't be some kind of drug, can it? How can there be something that works so fast?"
  
  The old oil man hastened to say: "You this person do not talk nonsense, I'm a good thing, not the kind of damage to the yin virtue of the bad boy sold poison, you can rest assured that eat, safekeeping there are no side ...... Oh, the side effects of one, is the red eye, you think about it, people's blood flow speed up, blood vessels must become thicker well, the eyes look congested is also normal, after a day or two. The eyes look congested is also normal, after a day or two on the good."
  
  The lisp didn't say anything, I think he was hesitating.
  
  "Aiya, don't think about it, you can't beat that guy - did you see that women's boxing match yesterday? The difference between those two people is at least twenty kilograms, the small woman is not more than sixty kilograms, the big man at least eighty kilograms, the result is that the small man punched away, crawling can not get up. We layman look at the scene, than you insiders, that small woman's body type, clearly is a leg thick arm thin, shoulder width is not more than forty centimeters, back, shoulders, arms have no meat, it seems to be training to use the legs of the contestants, it is not possible to have so much strength in her fist, the big man is very cunning, see the opponent's ability, only to have been close to prevent the opponent out of the leg. She just didn't realize that the smaller man had taken my medicine and ended up losing out instead."
  
  The lisp paused and whispered, "I see you're more of an insider than I am."
  
  The old oil fawningly said: "How can it big brother? Our first sale, I do not lie to you, free for you to take back to eat, eat well and then come back to me, after we do long business, how?"
  
  The door slammed from the cubicle, and Wei Qian heard the old oil man's voice full of laughter, "Eat well to come back to me again!"
  Then there was a sound of footsteps.
  
  Wei Qian didn't move, he wasn't sure if he had just happened to catch a dope deal or if it was deliberately played to him next door.
  At this moment, he heard the cubicle was knocked, the old oil son's voice sounded on the other side: "old brother ah, I see you go in for a long time, is not the competition too nervous bad stomach? Hey, just take it easy, I have something here that will make you win."
  ...... It seems that the scene just now was deliberately given to him.
  
  Wei Qian "on the road" to pick up the conversation, said: "is it the same thing as the big brother just now?"
  When the old man next door heard that he was "hooked", he was almost overjoyed and said, "Yes, yes, yes! How about it, do you want to try it?"
  
  Wei Qian asked in a hesitant manner, "Then ...... is it free for me as well? I, I don't have much money."
  The old oil man busy said: "you win the game will have money, I am a generous businessman, the first time to do business are not charged, you take good."
  
  Finished, he shoved in a paper bag from a finger-width gap under the cubicle, Weiqian stooped down and picked it up, at the same time, his mouth simulated a sing-song, three sighs of fart sound, the next door heard such "music", felt that he could not stay long, see the purpose has been achieved, immediately left.
  
  Wei Qian was slightly relieved, wondering if he could get them to let their guard down a bit and find himself a chance to take advantage of the situation.
  
  However, just at this time, there was a sudden commotion outside, Wei Qian leaned on the door and listened, from the clamor of people to distinguish the word "cops", his heart pounded violently - it was three fat! Three fat that bastard even succeeded!
  
  Two corpses bitten out by dogs is a big case, the criminal police brigade deployed a large number of people, the business card on the body is very suspicious - the name is named like a sell / prostitution dens, and the captain clearly remembered, that the address is an upscale private club.
  Despite the suspicion that someone is deliberately framed to make trouble, but still want to bring people to see, so turn your eyes, a string of police cars parked in front of the clubhouse, they went in, the people inside were stunned, the criminal police team was also stunned.
  
  Master Hu Si is a character, the secrecy is extremely tight, the people inside looked at these police/cops who fell from the sky, and for a moment they could not figure out what was going on.
  And it's not a fight/blackout mission that the CID team outside received, the captain was prepared to fight the rich and powerful clotheshorse with Tai Chi, but who knows that when they went in, they were greeted by an illegal fighting ring!
  
  The new young detective whispered, "Captain, what's going on?"
  The captain let his heart piggyback and gulped, but on the surface he still had to stabilize the scene, and waved his hand, "Bring ...... the main person in charge back!"
  


29. Chapter XXIX

  The captain gave the order, but no one moved.
  There's nothing much going on in the small area, and catching thieves all day long is a pain in the ass, so when they come across such a big case, those who can go out to the field swarm out, and end up encountering the most fantastical scenario in the history of the world.
  A group of people looked at their captain with wide eyes, finally, a young comrade bravely asked: "Captain, take away which, which is the main person in charge?"
  The captain pulled his face up, made an angry face, and said with a straight face, "How the fuck should I know?"
  
  The comrades continued to stare blankly, and the one who had just received the encouraging gaze of his colleague once again bravely voiced his inner interrogation: "Captain, can you tell what kind of place this is? What are they doing?"
  The captain grimaced and his face twitched, "How the fuck am I supposed to tell?"
  
  The young comrade was very desperate: "Captain, so can you tell us if this is normal business for them or some kind of unnamed underworld organization?"
  The captain's inner bitterness bucked and he had to growl at him, "What the fuck am I going to tell you guys?"
  
  This luxuriously decorated private club was very puzzling, and when they walked into the richly decorated hall, in a wave of hatred of the rich, the captain instinctively put on a fierce look and held up his work permit to order the person in charge to come out.
  The row of reception looked at them with blank expressions, and suddenly, one of the security guards looked as if he had a crohn's stroke, and ran away with a ghastly white face.
  
  The captain's first thought was that this man was the murderer and bellowed, "Stop!"
  The captain took the lead, and the others, although they didn't know what the man was doing, couldn't lag behind the leader, so they also spread out and started chasing.
  
  This routing and chasing quickly inspired a herd effect, and what had been fairly subdued suddenly wasn't sure what the fuss was about anymore, and followed the rapid strategic shift up.
  In the blink of an eye, a bunch of big waisted security guards were like good women who encountered hooligans, running faster than rabbits one by one.
  
  All that was left was a row of big, beautiful girls cowering and huddled together with faces like menstrual cramps.
  
  Running in the forefront of the people just met the lobby manager patrolling the middle of the building, the lobby manager is a senior fighter from the lobby manager, the lobby manager saw this ghost appearance, thought it came to the fire fight, from the waist pulled out a pistol - others easily can not have this treatment.
  He was just about to chastise the security guard who had nearly jumped into his arms when he saw the bastard say, as if he'd seen a ghost, "Police/cops! A whole bunch of cops!"
  
  The lobby manager said, "No way!"
  
  They were followed by several others, shouting as if they were wolves: "Fuck, there's a cop here!"
  The lobby manager hesitated for two seconds, and after a moment of agonizing hesitation between "fighting the cops" and "decisively retreating", he decisively retreated.
  
  This chase led to an accident.
  
  In the final analysis, it is Zhao Laojiu, Zhao Laojiu this person is too heavy banditry, is Hu four masters under a top assassin, what illegal and disorderly things, only other people can not think of, there is no he can not do it.
  But he looked down on anyone who made it to the top, and the ones he looked up to were basically the ones with a criminal record - when they saw the police/cops, they instinctively assumed first that something was wrong.
  
  Faster than they run is the guests, guests in either the wrong way, or have a head, are happy to come out to play, who do not want to dip into the stripes, a slippery, sniffing the wind on the ground to dissolve.
  
  Zhao Laojiu had the same question in his mind, "Holy shit, why is there a cop here?"
  But he has to hold up the scene, can not jump up and down. Zhao Laojiu wiped a cold sweat, he did not receive any news, carefully recalled, it seems that there is no mistake, he thought through his head, but also can not think of these police / police in the end what to do? Can't it be that they owe to pay the utility bill?
  
  Zhao Laojiu whispered to a henchman: "First evacuate all the people - nonsense, of course, evacuate the fighters, the guests are all fucking old loach, with your reminder, early to run! In addition to the waitress and the body of the green and white, no one should be left ...... forget it, that also leaves the waitress. Tell people to get the business license ready, a moment may not I have to go with them, soon back, don't worry, surely all right, you tell people to clean up the field, especially chips and 'medicine', the outside world that the race on the stage are invited models, is the nature of the show, and then immediately notify the four masters of Hu. "
  
  The henchman was confused by the sudden turn of events and asked in a low voice, "And ...... what if something happens?"
  Zhao Laojiu glared at him viciously, "Let go of your mother's ass!"
  
  The henchmen are just like him, a brain
------------

Reading in sections 27

Cold sweat, not daring to squeak, he turned around and went to make arrangements.
  
  With that, Wei Qian was evacuated.
  
  The big waves are so big that only tiny plankton can burrow out without moving, and no one cares about them.
  
  Wei Qian left the ring and went straight to the train station.
  He had only just entered the station when he was almost pounced on by Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Three Fatty and Xiao Yuan had been waiting for him here all afternoon.
  
  At noon that day just after a while, the three fat on the top of the hot sun and a hot sweat received Wei Zhiyuan, a meeting on the urgent red asked: "Your brother? Where is he? Where's your brother? What is the address that you little brat sent me? What is he doing there?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Fighting/black boxing."
  
  Three Fatty's voice raised an octave, "What? Holy shit/you two big geezers! Can you two little brats let me live two more days?!"
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him without saying anything.
  
  Three Fatty continued to growl, "Don't give me any pity, why don't you take me over to collect his body?"
  Wei Zhiyuan calmly said, "My brother won't let you go to him."
  
  San Fatty opened his mouth - and reacted, whether they contacted or called the police, it was all done in the dark, Wei Qian wanted to make this look like a completely stupid coincidence, to muddy the water so he could swim away.
  So Three Fatty, as a stranger, should never appear in any of them, they must not arouse even the slightest suspicion, it would be enough for them to drink a pot of water.
  
  Triple Fatty: "So where do you think you're going?"
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his hand and showed the small turtle on the back of his hand to Sanfat, putting Sanfat sadly, touching his head and saying, "Hey, it's really good looking, looks exactly like your brother--this bear child, what time of the day is it still drawing turtles on his hand?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pointed to the tortoise shell, "My brother drew this, Third Brother, look carefully, the tortoise shell is an inverted railroad road emblem, let's go to the train station."
  
  So, three fat and Wei Zhiyuan came to the train station, from the blazing sun, has been waiting until the sun sinks, waiting for a small two people in the heart of the anxiety are burned into the fire, almost look through the autumn water, Wei Qian only came late.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hugged his arm without letting go while pulling out a book from his clothes that he had clipped to the waistband of his pants, the very same old math textbook that Wei Qian had brought with him that was covered in drawings of divine turtles, the cover soaked through with a child's sweat.
  Wei Qian held it in his hand, not knowing what to say.
  
  Three Fatty was even more excited than Xiao Yuan at first, almost unable to help himself, the whole person turned into a giant spray can, spittle sprayed Wei Qian head and face.
  
  Unfortunately, the fat man's warmth only lasted a few minutes, the excitement passed, turned his face away, let people fully experience what is called "fat people are fickle".
  He pulled Wei Qian to a corner where no one was, and changed his style, using the two ways of "presenting facts and reasoning" and "greeting ancestors and cursing their mothers" to fire a volley of shots at Wei Qian in a two-pronged manner, with a natural and appropriate change of roles, as if he wasn't alone in the battle.
  
  In the end, SanFat used a long speech to come to a conclusion that he thought was reasonable, "Wei Qian, I'm going to tell you today about a major discovery in the scientific world - you're just a big dumbass!"
  Being "science" rigorously argued as a stupid Wei Qian speechless, had to curse not to return the favor.
  
  All three came in hard seats and went back and luxuriated in sleepers.
  
  Unfortunately, the sleeper is not more comfortable than the hard seat, because the three fat comrades snoring is really too rocky, a few times nearly shook the train out of the track, and the fat guy is still no self-consciousness, sleep extremely early, get up extremely late.
  Several of the passengers next to him almost regarded him as a class enemy, and finally all of them unanimously flopped down on their beds, covered their ears, buried their heads in their pillows, and spent the long hours of sleep in such a position as if they were living to avoid a bomb.
  
  Wei Qian can't sleep, just flat on his back calculating the family's finances, he basically has no expenses this trip, plus send back home, plus a little bit of previous meager savings, he now owns a total of thirty thousand dollars.
  Their family of four people on average five or six hundred dollars a month can live very generous, a year down, as long as not horizontal branches, tuition, living expenses add up, will not exceed six thousand, if he can summer and winter vacations and holidays to find a place to work, but also more than a thousand or eight hundred, to support the hemp mother.
  
  It's a relief for now.
  
  Just as Wei Qian was pondering the issue of livelihood with a stroke of a pen in his mind, his upper bunk suddenly moved, and then the black light revealed a small head, hanging upside down and looking at him.
  Wei Qian unintentionally looked up and was startled by the burning eyes on his little head, so he chided, "Wei Zhiyuan, what the hell are you haunting, sleep!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was not at all upset by the reprimand, and seemed to be pleased as he retracted his head.
  
  Wei Qian retracted his thoughts, these days he has been mentally tense, a little bit of energy, after getting used to the noise, even if his ears are shocked by the purr of the world, he slowly rose a trace of drowsiness, just as he was about to pass in a daze, the small head of the upper berth and did a thief sneak out.
  
  Wei Qian half propped up his body in a bad mood, poked his head out and stepped onto the upper bunk: "Are you full of food? Why are you looking at me all the time?"
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately obediently laid back down.
  
  Wei Qian thought it was a child's first time sitting in a sleeper fresh, so he pulled the quilt to him by hand, the voice lowered a little: "Can't sleep on the ears, really can't sleep on kicking that fat man a foot."
  Wei Zhiyuan answered softly, still staring at him.
  
  Wei Qian climbed down, plugged his ears like the others, curled his head into the pillow, and closed his eyes.
  After a while, Wei Qian suddenly figured out in the darkness that Wei Zhiyuan was not making a scene, he kept sticking his head out to see if he was still there.
  
  Scared the little brat all to death, Wei Qian thought to himself, shouldn't have brought him out.
  
  When the two brothers returned home, they were rightfully shouted at and questioned by Mrs. Song, who pretended to be dumb and didn't make a sound, and Mrs. Song's fire was directed at Wei Qian: "Where did you get so much money? Where have you been? Did you do something bad? Speak up!"
  She is like a large fly, buzzing in Wei Qian's ears, he could not bear to leave home, the remaining 25,000 opened an account deposited in the bank, did not tell the grandmother, to save her from raving again.
  
  When he slipped back in a big circle and found that Old Lady Song was still legalistic and did not have the slightest intention of letting him go, Wei Qian finally gave in and said impatiently, "I'm going to sell my blood, all right!"
  Mrs. Song opened her mouth and stammered, "Sell ...... what?"
  
  Wei Qian attitude is more and more bad: "Sold two pounds of blood, a kidney, you girl asked enough, let me stop will be okay?"
  This sounds like bullshit, but Mrs. Song does not think so, she has not read a day of books, only heard of selling blood, but do not know that human blood this thing is not an apple watermelon, can not be weighed by the catty, and then a measure of Wei Qian's miserable white and thin face, and immediately believe in nonsense.
  
  Wei Qian's intention was to make her less annoying, but he didn't expect to cause such a consequence.
  Just listen to the old lady Song lit up a ten miles and eight villages of bright voice, crying with full dramatic effect, end is a foot pounding chest, intending to hang himself as a prelude.
  
  Bao and Yuan looked at each other, then together they turned their overwhelmed gazes to their big brother, whose expression was blank for half a minute, and Yuan felt the corners of his eyes twitch.
  
  Wei Qian squatted down next to Old Lady Song, reached out a finger with the carefulness of a ready molded electric door, poked her, and then quickly retracted, dryly coughed, "That what ...... cough, you don't cry."
  Old Mrs. Song's face was a pot of snot and tears, "I'm a wimp! I'm an old woman in the countryside ...... I can't do anything! I can just add to the chaos! Let the child to sell blood and kidneys, that's not a human thing to do? Why am I still not dead yo ...... what am I living ...... for?"
  
  Although Wei Qian was not at his wits' end, he was at his wits' end, he silently listened to the old lady's set of crying words and felt a bit ludicrous, and said that it was lucky that he didn't tell her that he had gone to fight in the black box, or else he would have to frighten this old thing to death alive.
  And in the midst of this ludicrous absurdity, he felt a strange bit of solace.
  
  The words "let the child to sell blood and kidneys" poked him straight in the heart, since childhood, few people would call him "child".
  In Wei Qian's opinion, the word "child" is not a neutral term to describe a human being of a certain age - he thinks the neutral term should be "child" - but the term "child" seems to represent some kind of special care and favor from adults or elders. --The term "child", on the other hand, seems to represent some kind of special care, tolerance and favor from adults or elders.
  
  ...... That's something he never got.
  
  Wei Qian was a bit embarrassed, and only after the old lady's crying weakened a bit did he take out a roll of toilet paper from under the dining table and hand it to her, "Hey, don't cry, I was just talking for fun and lying to you."
  Mrs. Song huffed and cursed, "You son of a bitch! What the hell have you been doing?"
  
  Wei Qian said nonsense even draft did not play: "A friend of mine has some access, dragged me into the partnership, to the south to transport some goods, ran a few trips to the big trucks ......."
  Mrs. Song: "You fart, why don't you take a piss and look at your face?"
  "I ......" Wei Qian couldn't help but let her angry, "Do you know how long we have to run on the road a day? Big trucks on the highway more than ten hours a day, the car eat car sleep, wind and sun, who can have a good face? I'm not a fairy."
  
  Mrs. Song looked at him suspiciously.
  "Really." Wei Qian breaks up and the real thing, "Third brother also went, do not believe you ask him, we pulled the goods from the factory over there in Guangdong, directly to the north to sell the price of a hand over a few times, give me a few thousand dollars worth of labor?"
  
  Anyway, Three Fatty will round up his lies for him.
  
  Song old lady then some will believe, after a while, she said, "Then ...... then you lift the clothes I look, people say that kidney sellers have a slit on the back waist."
  After saying that, she was about to personally strip Wei Qian's clothes.
  
  Wei Qian jumped up from the ground and took a big step back, ''What are you doing you? A man and a woman are not related! You're so old, have some face, okay?"
  
  Song old lady listening to him more and more talk more and more unlike words, smooth hand rolled up a book, splitting head and face shine Wei Qian body pumping: "I let you full of nonsense, let you not honest ......."
  After such a beating, she finally forgot about picking Wei Qian's clothes, and this hurdle was considered to be over.
  Summer vacation flew by, Song Xiaobao that no good thing began to move east and west again to frantically make up homework, three fat from time to time to come over to turn around, Mrs. Song went out to sell things during the day, the three brothers and sisters just one person to occupy a corner, read their own books, quiet, as if they have since the gongs and drums of the home turned into a large study room, full of academic atmosphere.
  
  Sometimes three fat people sit for a long time, and feel strange uncomfortable.
  
  Wei Qian changed into a clean white T-shirt, his hair was neatly cut, and when his mind was not distracted, the gloom between his eyebrows would dissipate cleanly, and he looked like an ordinary middle school student.
  In September, he finally returned to the campus he had been away from for more than three years, and resumed his regular, full and generalized high school life.
  
  Every morning, he rode his bicycle to take Mrs. Song to the place where the eggs were sold, then fished a corn and an egg out of her pot, and took it away to school to eat. After eight busy classes a day, he took advantage of the dinner time to run out of school as fast as he could, and rode his bicycle to take Mrs. Song back home, and then rushed back to school to catch up with the evening study sessions with some random food from his home.
  Having an adult who could take care of the family, Wei Qian had taken off more than half of his burden, and he was grateful to his grandmother in his heart.
  
  In fact, Wei Qian did not even finish the first year of high school, but in order to save time, he went directly into the sophomore class led by Ms. Li, despite the summer vacation has been reading books, but the first monthly examination is still not ideal, only barely among the middle and lower reaches.
  However, Wei Qian didn't think it was a big deal, not being at the bottom meant that he was still keeping up, and by the time the midterm exams came around, he had risen from the lower middle of the pack to the upper middle of the pack.
  
  He was as dedicated to his studies as he was when he was working as a fighter for Brother Lok, and his achievements were remarkable - the so-called "hard work" is not the same as getting up at five o'clock in the morning and climbing up at midnight, and reading more books than others, and doing a few more problems than others, isn't it?
  To Wei Qian, this kind of "bitter" method is nothing at all.
  
  By the time of the final exams, Wei Qian had risen completely from the upper middle to the upper reaches, becoming an easygoing and reticent good looking honor student ...... in the school This was an unimaginable status a half year ago.
  
  Unfortunately, he is at home is the head of the family, Song old lady every day to do small business to help people work, busy early morning and late at night to go round and round, the two pups also no one dares to talk too much to ask about his achievements, Weiqian and feel that he said that it seems to be too showy, undermine the majesty of his head of the family.
  But it really held him back.
  
  Has been held back until the New Year, Song Lao gave them red envelopes, cooked dumplings, the dinner table, only remembered to ask Wei Qian: "Her brother, how are you studying? How did you do on the exam?"
  Wei Qian squirmed as he took his first ever New Year's money and said in passing, "You're in charge."
  
  Old Mrs. Song smiled joyfully and scolded him, "Rabbit child, speak human words!"
  Wei Qian then pretended to lightly reported the results and rankings, as if it was all trivial and not worth mentioning, is she had to ask, only reluctantly said a word.
  
  Mrs. Song's hand stirring the boiling water in the dumpling pot suddenly stopped, and after a while, she cautiously asked, "So ...... this is enough to get into college, right?"
  Students in major high schools never take "getting into college" seriously; their goal is to get into the "best college" possible.
  However, Mrs. Song has contacted a limited number of cultured people, usually those who patronize her business students and white-collar workers, she treats people as another class of service, never thought of their own family will also be out of a ...... that "class".
  
  "Going to college" was a humble and unattainable dream in her head.
  Wei Qian gave a careless "hmm".
  
  Song old lady boiled inside, excited beyond expression, until many days later, Wei Qian are almost start school, ride to her afternoon short-term work place to pick her up, but also heard her with the people who do things together hand in hand bragging: "My eldest grandson in is a key high school, the teacher said that the future examination of the university no problem."
  Wei Qian heard from afar and muttered, "Old thing, really good at putting gold on your face, who is your great grandson?"
  
  although
------------

Reading in sections 28

Ran said this as he wheeled his cart over, but still said as if nothing had happened, "Grandma, let's go."
  
  At the end of all the suffering and carrying, there are clouds of time in this world.
  
  You can have nothing, as long as your spirit remains - 2013 Graduation Speech by the President of Shanghai Jiaotong University.
   
Author's Note: End of Volume 1



30. Chapter XXX 

  "It is only when the sea flows that a hero's character is revealed" - Guo Moruo.
  
  Those two years were almost peaceful and uneventful.
  
  Wei Qian entered the last year of high school at the top of his class, and every day when he saw himself in the mirror wearing a school uniform, he couldn't help but think of the words "human-like dog" in his mind.
  The heavy school load compressed his spare time, but not his stellar heart for money, and his summer and winter vacations and all his weekends were dedicated to the great cause of part-time work - the most well-paid of which was his experience as a short-term laborer in Old Bear's drugstore.
  
  The old bear's name is very shameless, called "Xiong Yingjun", the crowd every time to call his name, can not help but want to add in the back of the "yuck", so over time no one called.
  When he was young, others called him a small bear, but unfortunately he did not "small bear" a few years, the actual age of only thirty jang when the age of a good young man, looks but has been ahead of the decade, naturally became "old bear".
  
  The old bear is a very tuneless rich second-generation, dog range eight bubbles of shit, where all have him, everything wants to interfere with a foot. Unfortunately, it is a pity that the body / lack of skill, so all day long, the Dragon see the head and tail, the pharmacy is often in a state of no one to run, often to find someone to help him take care of. During the summer vacation, the old bear coincidentally hired Wei Qian this short-term job, they threw the drugstore to him, they do not know where to go, Wei Qian is the store manager, but also a waiter, but also the accountant, but also a cleaning staff, so dry two months, the old bear to come back.
  The meeting settled Wei Qian's salary of five thousand dollars.
  
  A thousand dollars a month, as previously agreed, was forgotten by the old bear himself, a two hundred and five!
  
  Wei Qian began to startled, almost did not have the good sense to take - this moment ready to close down the broken drugstore, two months of profit in the end there is no four thousand dollars are still not good to say - but later or take, Wei Qian figured out that the wrongdoer such creatures live in the world, but it is to rush to give people pitfalls, is not it? But then he took it, Wei Qian figured out that this kind of creature is living in the world, but it's just rushing to be given to people to be pitied.
  Press doesn't have to waste a single guilty feeling on such rich people who deserve to be burned.
  
  And Wei Zhiyuan in honestly after a year of school, directly jumped into the graduating class, he seems to be in order to fulfill the late night in a foreign land, forcibly holding back tears to the elder brother to say those promises, from the south back, has been in preparation for this matter.
  Wei Zhiyuan's heart and body grew impatient.
  
  The matter of skipping a grade, is the little cub himself ran to the teacher in front of the application, greetings did not play with the family, first and last, but Wei Qian know also did not say anything, although the verbal does not mention, but Wei Qian heart has a number of Wei Zhiyuan's IQ, and Xiaobao read the same books, think about it is also really quite aggrieved by people's children.
  
  Just as Xiao Bao was puffing and puffing his way through fifth grade, Wei Zhiyuan had already entered the graduating class.
  
  It's common sense that girls will grow before boys, and it's completely reversed in their family.
  When Xiao Bao was still a little girl-like, Wei Zhiyuan had only used the greater part of the year to leap from a height just above Wei Qian's chest to one that could touch his big brother's nose.
  Matching his inhuman growth rate is his increasingly creepy meal size, and the whole family uses normal rice bowls, replacing only the sea bowls for Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  The big sea bowl is bigger than the face, three fat once came to his home for dinner, really grew some insight - he witnessed Wei Zhiyuan with the face of the big bowl ate two big bowls of rice full of bubbling, at the end of the end of the no food, Wei Zhiyuan with hot water made a bowl of vegetable soup, two mouths to drink down, sort of to the stomach to fill up the stitches.
  
  Three Fatty asked warily, "Brother, are you full?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan finished the vegetable soup and wiped his mouth, haughtily replied, "Almost, 70-80%, I'm going out for a run in the evening, so let's eat here today."
  
  Three Fatty complained to Wei Qian with a handful of bitter tears, "Why is this kid not half as fat as me when one meal tops my two meals!"
  
  Wei Qian said without lifting his head, "Because you're old and have a slow metabolism, Third Master."
  The "old and fat" third master couldn't help but feel disheartened to hear such a naked truth and walked away silently.
  
  Wei Qian had already seen the rice bucket Wei Zhiyuan, he knew that when Wei Zhiyuan came back from running, he would be able to nibble another dry steamed bun with plain water.
  This kid's fighting prowess kills all of humanity and can crush any leftovers into crumbs.
  
  In comparison, Xiao Bao was simply making people anxious, she was already late for school, and as a result, when she stood with the little girls in the same class, she instead looked like she was one or two years younger than them.
  The growth and development process of Song Xiaobao's classmates was extremely strange, from puberty until her twenties, she always maintained an even growth rate of two centimeters per year, without panicking or slowing down.
  
  Twelve or thirteen year old Song Xiaobao is like a malnourished cabbage, Wei Qian once suspected that her life will be like this, the adult is also a female "root number two", who knew that until the age of fifteen or sixteen years old, most of the girls began to stop growing taller, and she snailed up little by little, and so on grew up to see, but also not shorter than anyone else. The first thing you need to do is to get a good deal of money to pay for it.
  
  Wei Qian is about to take the college entrance examination this year, Mrs. Song simply served him as if he was a long-lived master, day and night as long as they caught the opportunity, they must shush and warm up a bit, in a unique way of chattering to the long-lived master to please.
  But the Wei Emperor annoyed to death, hate a bamboo plate to throw her a decapitation.
  
  But every weekend a stew of chicken soup on the table, looking at the old lady as if waiting for the month earnestly urged him to eat more, Weiqian again no temper with her.
  
  There was a period of time, Mrs. Song did not know who was deceived, and roamed to the local marketing group hitched, every day to go around to listen to the varieties and prices of health care products.
  It was as if she was planning to bite her teeth and stomp her foot to patch Wei Qian's one brain into two big ones.
  
  ...... Luckily, when he had to pay the money, he was seen by three fat his mom, and three fat ran in time to ventilate the information, so that Wei Qian rushed to the scene of the health care preaching meeting, and led the Song old lady back.
  
  Out of the time, the marketing group hooligan nature of all show, see they did not buy things, a small glasses jumped out to stop not to go, Song old lady this hydrocephalus also ass to people: "This is my eldest grandson, soon to be college entrance exams, the results can be good, I want to buy some of that what 'brain power strong' I just want to buy some of that 'Brain Power' for him to eat ......."
  
  Wei Qian: "Shut up and eat your mom."
  
  Sales promotion of small glasses style rogue, but the person probably a little bit not smart, not yet see what's going on, and hastily pulled Wei Qian to give him brainwashing, two lips up and down to say: "students, our product is approved by the U.S. departments of the patent, take a course of treatment, memory can be increased by eighty percent... ..."
  
  Wei Qian looked at him coldly, "I don't need a course of treatment, a single brick will make you live forever in the people's memory."
  
  He is a bandit all the way out, small glasses all the way just focus on the pit, have not lost pay this way goods, and could not help but gulp saliva, back half a step, but Wei Qian still smacked him out of the way, a lift of the hand to push him a butt squat, carrying that more and more nerves of the little old lady to beat a path back to the house.
  
  Mrs. Song stirred up the whole family's chicken and dog jumping, and people are in fear. Wei Qian felt that if it is not their own poor children early home, young people have had a rough experience, determined, not to let her live to torture into a neurological can not be.
  
  At the beginning of April of that year, Wei Qian was in the classroom doing self-study when Mr. Li pushed the door in and called him out.
  
  Wei Qian sleep less than four or five hours a day, back and forth to eat in a hurry, and sometimes even eat while walking, on the road to solve the problem, really thin a lot of people tall to the teacher in front of a station, the school uniform looks empty.
  From the second half of the second semester of high school, Mr. Li made him the class president, I do not know whether it is because of his experience in the community related, he seems to be stable at the same time, especially will pinch the group of naughty little boys, the gang of boys one by one are quite listen to his words.
  
  Mr. Li's own child is about the same age as Wei Qian, and when the two compartments are compared, it is always heartbreaking to watch.
  
  Teacher Li called him to the hallway and said to him, "We are a key class - you know, right, our school every year key class has a guaranteed place for outstanding student cadres, this year the place is given to the University of A. University of A, of course, is a good school, and it is the local university, I think about the situation in your family I think your family situation, stay in the local school, convenient to take care of the family, you think about it, want to go?"
  
  Wei Qian froze for half a minute before asking with a bit of uncertainty, "No, no, teacher ...... do you mean, to bail me out?"
  
  Mr. Lee was amused by him and asked good-naturedly in return, "Why else would I ask you?"
  
  Wei Qian was stoned silly by the news, he never thought that this kind of thing would fall on him.
  
  His premature exposure to the society of the three religions and the nine schools cultivated his gloomy and cynical spiritual world, and although with the growth of age and insight, that juvenile bigotry has become less acute, Wei Qian still agrees with this truth from the bottom of his heart - a person of his origin who wants to excel must be more fierce than others and must be more desperate than others. He must be fiercer and more desperate than anyone else, and he can't count on anyone but himself.
  
  Is it not the privilege of the children of government officials, rich families and families with connections to be guaranteed admission to universities, which is full of "foul play"?
  
  He never thought a guaranteed spot would fall to him.
  
  "I ......" Wei Qian rare words, his brain a pile of paste, had to forcefully calmly asked Mr. Li, "that, then give me okay? Do other people have no opinion? Other students, or other classes ......"
  
  Mr. Li said, "What can't be done? Guarantee decision is not my say, is to be unified discussion of the grade group set, after the director of review, and finally signed by the principal of the clap, the principal's signature has just been sent to my office, you want to take a look at it?"
  
  Wei Qian was silent for a long time, a thousand words in his chest, all clogged up in his throat, he lowered his head in front of the homeroom teacher, who was a whole head shorter than him, and squeezed his hands tightly, for a long time, before he gritted his teeth, and said in a muffled, repressed voice, "Thank you, teacher."
  
  Ms. Li looked at him and sighed, knowing that she had never left school in her life and had experienced rather less ups and downs than this boy, so she couldn't decide what she should say to him, what she could say to him.
  After a while, Mr. Li deliberated and said softly, "You have good natural talent, what's even more rare is that you are more willing to work hard than others, I expect a lot from you, so I hope you can become a good person, understand what I mean?"
  
  Wei Qian nodded and whispered, "I understand, you are saying that it is harder to follow the right path than the evil path."
  
  Because it is harder to follow the right path than the evil path, those who follow the right path are stronger than those who follow the evil path.
  It's something that everyone who has ever survived in the cracks of two paths has experienced firsthand.
  
  And isn't it true that one should always seek a stronger self?
  
  Teacher Li pushed his glasses, "You understand in your heart, I won't say more, go back, come to my office in the evening self-study, fill out a few forms, after filling out you can go back to discuss with your family to see what major to choose."
  
  Wei Qian ended his high school career, which lasted just over a year and a half, in a way that was both inexplicable and exhilarating.
  He quickly submitted the form, consulted Mr. Li's opinion, and chose the then popular life sciences major - in fact, the hottest at that time was the computer, but unfortunately, the tuition fee for computers is higher than other majors, and the need to provide their own computers, Weiqian more or less reluctant to give up the cost.
  He then officially became a prospective college student, Wei Qian left the school when the large cherry tree in front of the school building was in full bloom, he stood for a while, and was literally buried in his feet by the falling petals.
  
  Wei Qian wandered around at home with nothing to do for two days, and after dealing with old Mrs. Song, who was nearly agitated and had a heart attack, he finally wanted to get up and care about the two little cubs that were put out to pasture.
  He inadvertently found his little sister in writing homework when doing small actions changed, she used to do not be able to do the puzzle, like to pick fingers, but now it has become a pencil around their own hair, after winding and pinch the hand to fix it, in front of the eyes of a strand of hair will briefly form a wave shape of a small hair curls, she will be alone stinking for a while, and then continue to write homework.
  
  Wei Qian stayed attentive and realized that this girl knew how to stink.
  Xiaobao loved to sleep when she was a child and did not like to get up early, he was picked up and forced to press in the sink, before the cat like to take the cool water in the face of the scratch two, now she washed her face completely without big brother to remind her, the weekend at home, she washed several times a day, each time in front of the toilet mirror half a day to look at the mirror.
  
  The change of girls is simply another level of biological "perverse development", which can really change into a completely different look.
  Song Xiao Bao's who was a black monkey when she was a child began to shed her skin and turn white, her eyes began to elongate and grew long and thick eyelashes, the bridge of the nose, although still not high, but with the cartilage set, at least it doesn't look like it's collapsing anymore, and a small chin was collected under the lips, and Weiqian was amazed to discover that, like a caterpillar, she turned to the butterfly's direction, and was able to see a little bit of a small beauty's embryonic form.
  
  However, this little fledgling was nothing in the eyes of her warlord-like big brother.
  In Wei Qian's opinion, Song Xiaobao is still "half a person", these children before they grow up, they are the same unisex appearance, there is no gender to speak of.
  She has no breasts in front and no ass in the back, so a small thing like bean sprouts, Wei Qian can not understand what is so beautiful about her.
  
  He was adamant that Bao's stinking beauty had no benefit other than delaying his time and interfering with his studies.
  
  So he went into Xiao Bao s room when he glimpsed again that Xiao Bao had a pen to curl her hair, and in the same way that Jia Zheng had treated Jia Baoyu, he had a very serious talk with her ...... No, it was a one sided admonishment of the little girl, and he also searched out a small bottle of nail polish from Song Xiao Bao s desk, took it away and confiscated it.
  Finally, he dictates that Song must not look in the mirror for more than a minute a day.
  
  Xiaobao aggrieved, for the first time on the big brother had a rebellious mentality, and Wei Qian even too much is not enough, walked out before a hand on the door frame of the hut, righteously turned back and said: "Oh, right
------------

Reading in Sections 29

, I see that all the other little girls in your school have cut their hair, why don't you cut yours too, it saves you from having to comb it for so long when you get up in the morning, and besides, I've heard that too much hair absorbs nutrients and affects the brain."
  
  This was met with fierce resistance from Song Xiao Bao, who jumped up and boldly yelled at her big brother, "I won't cut my hair! Just don't cut my hair! If you cut my hair, you'll cut my head along with it!"
  Wei Qian froze for a moment, not realizing that her hair was actually so important to her, but before he could open his mouth to reprimand her, Xiao Bao was so frightened by her own treachery that she cried out "whimpering" on her own.
  
  Wei Qian sighed, there was nothing he could do with her, so he had to put on a stern face, "What's there to cry about? Cry again and whip you."
  He came up with a compromise, giving Song Xiaobao a reprieve: "That's fine, depending on your grades and performance, if you regress at the end of the semester, don't give me any crap, and cut your damn hair neatly, do you hear me?"
  
  Song Xiao Bao huffed and asked, "What kind of cut ...... cut?"
  Wei Qian said without thinking, "The front and back piece are flush with the ears, cool."
  
  Song Xiaobao imagined some before and after all the ears of the hair is how a bear, on the spot to give a fright to the soul, from then on began her life in the study of the most diligent period of time, resolutely to defend her little head of an acre and a half, never fall into the clutches of the big brother.
  
  Wei Qian exited from Song Xiaobao's house just in time to be bumped by Wei Zhiyuan who exited from the kitchen, Wei Zhiyuan's head almost hit his nose, he was busy propping up one hand on the wall on Wei Qian's side and sidestepped.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan called out a muffled "brother" - he was starting to change his voice, his voice was uncomfortable, so when he spoke he had to press his voice down another octave, actually sounding low like a big man.
  
  Wei Qian was in a trance for a moment, remembering that when he had just picked him up, he was not as tall as a dog standing up, and now he had actually become a half-grown young man as well.
  Although the two brothers still live together, but I don t know when to start, Wei Zhiyuan has not to his arms to drill ...... want to drill also can not drill.
  
  It's true ...... there are seedlings that don't worry about growing.
  
  Wei Qian remembered that Mrs. Song had told him to go to the suburbs to wholesale some eggs, so he dragged his bicycle out the door and rode towards the chicken farm in the suburbs. On his way back, he happened to pass by Old Xiong's store, only to see Old Xiong directing a few young men to load luggage onto the car, as if he was going on a long trip.
  
  Wei Qian stopped to greet, "Old Bear, where are you sending yourself to help the poor?"
  
  Boss Bear gave him a look and said slowly, "A dog's mouth can't spit out ivory."
  Wei Qian jumped down and parked the car to the side, "Well, where's the fortune this time?"
  
  Old Bear said, "Around the summer solstice is the day to collect Cordyceps, I plan to go into Tibet to pour some Tibetan medicine - right, I was looking for you, are you still looking for short-term jobs on weekends? Are you still looking for a short-term job on weekends? Are you free to watch the store for me?"
  
  Wei Qian heart moved, two years ago he brought back thirty thousand dollars, after the Song old lady's thrift and the two people seize all the time to find work to do to subsidize the family, right now there is still twenty two thousand ...... and most of them are still for the hemp mother to spend.
  
  Is eighteen thousand ...... dollars enough for him to hitch a ride on the old bear and pour a little business along with him?
  


31. Chapter XXXI

  Unfortunately, his offer was flatly rejected by the old bear without a second thought.
  
  Wei Qian: "Why?"
  In his inherent, fire-on-the-house-can-stranger-slowly-return accent, the old bear said, "We two don't see eye to eye."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  At the same time he thought to himself, "Your mom.
  
  Wei Qian asked, "Why didn't you say that the three views didn't match when you hired me to watch the store?"
  The old bear reasonably replied, "That is the employment relationship, now you want to go with me, you also want to fund, then we are a partnership, I can not want a three views do not match the partner."
  
  Wei Qian patiently asked, "No, what kind of three views do you really want?"
  Old Bear: "To ask this question means that you simply have difficulty in describing your own three views in effective language, you simply don't have the concept of that stuff, alas, the pathetic worldly man, without a guiding beacon in his life, how muddled it is to live ah!"
  
  Weiqian wanted to know, in the end, which psychiatric hospital director negligence, even willing to put this kind of goods out of the scourge of society.
  The old bear looked at him calmly, "You must think I'm sick, that's because we don't see eye to eye."
  
  Wei Qian took a deep breath and patiently bargained with him for three hundred rounds.
  The old bear is like a king's son who eats weight, iron heartedly refused to take him, Wei Qian heart grinding fists and want to beat him flat, but do not want to offend a person stupid money money, so he said with his heart and soul: "food and drink expenses I take care of myself, usually can do hard labor, fight a group fight, you are right to think of it as an additional person hired, and do not need to give you money, you fucking take me one more person what's wrong? "
  
  The old bear, who at first turned a deaf ear as if he was in meditation, heard this and suddenly looked skeptical as he looked at Wei Qian, "Fighting in a group? You still know how to fight?"
  Wei Qian: "Yeah, second major."
  
  The old bear sized him up, thought seriously for a minute, and nodded unexpectedly, "That's fine, as long as you can take the pain, I'll take you one."
  
  Wei Qian was satisfied and pedaled on the bike, "Okay, thank you, Mr. Xiong."
  The old bear called out to him again, "Hey, we may leave in a couple of days, will your school be okay?"
  
  Wei Qian said bashfully, "No problem, no more reading."
  A little appreciative smile appeared on Old Bear's Ganoderma-like succulent face, "Even though we don't see eye to eye, I still have to say that I especially admire your spirit of daring to skip school and run ahead, a true warrior."
  
  Wei Qian rode on his bike and answered back from a distance, "I bailed out, waiting for school to start in the fall."
  Old Bear: "......"
  A few moments later, the old bear, who had been cheated of his feelings, dragged out his long, old Dan-like voice and began to scream and curse behind Wei Qian: "Shameless bailing party! You still want to try to mix with the ranks of the toiling masses, you, you ......"
  
  Wei Qian hummed a little tune and rode away.
  
  In this way, Wei Qian began another death-defying journey in his life where he wanted money but not life.
  
  This time, on the way out, Wei Qian didn't keep quiet.
  
  For one thing, it wasn't something that couldn't be said about following the old bear out to do a little business, and for another, he did grow up another two years.
  Put himself in the position, Wei Qian thought, if he is three fat, suddenly received an inexplicable text message for help, and heard so appalling truth, must go crazy.
  
  Passing time was not without a trace, it began to let him realize that back then it was Pocky and Third Brother who had been spoiled and accommodated him, and now it was Old Lady Song who tolerated him and took care of him. He also began to recognize that he was full of bitterness and hatred, but in reality, he had been arbitrary.
  
  Hemp had no chance in his life, but there were two left, and he wanted to be nice to both of them.
  
  Wei Qian informed Mrs. Song when she was leaving, informed Sanfat, and finally ran to Asako's house, talked to Asako's mom, and left her a thousand dollars, coaxing her to say that it was sent back by Asako.
  Didn't tell the boys.
  
  There was no need, and after the last trip to the south, Wei Qian was almost afraid of Wei Zhiyuan.
  That kid is not small, but he's always clinging like he's never grown up.
  Two years ago it was summer vacation, this time Wei Qian was afraid that he would not even go to school, and directly left the challenge and left with him - Wei Zhiyuan absolutely could do such a thing.
  
  However, Wei Zhiyuan still detected the clues.
  The reason is that the night before Wei Qian left, in order to prepare for the trip, he bought a packet of regular medication, and just went home and put it down, Ma Zi's mom pushed the wheelchair out and shouted at him from under the building, saying that the TV set was broken.
  Wei Qian ran to help her fix it in a hurry and forgot about it.
  
  When he returned, he found Wei Zhiyuan sitting on a chair, scrutinizing the types of those medicines.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan opened his mouth and asked, "Brother, where are you going?"
  Wei Qian himself do not know why, listening to him so ask, sweat hairs have stood up, almost rising some kind of being caught in the adultery of fear, tongue tied a knot, stuttered a sentence, before the way to report to their family little ancestor: "Go, go where? To what? There is no ah! Oh, that is almost summer, people are prone to heat stroke, I am prepared to advance."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan silently looked up at him without saying anything and put back the plastic bag with the medicine, he clearly saw a packet of medicine to prevent motion sickness and a few oral glucose inside.
  
  Mrs. Song was instructed by Wei Qian not to tell the two little ones, for fear that they would be too impatient, especially for fear that Wei Zhiyuan wouldn't go to school properly. She came out from the kitchen to serve the food, and glimpsed the scene, and hurriedly said, "I asked your brother to buy it, and he didn't want it to go anywhere, this kid, he can really think blindly. Quickly take the chopsticks to go, we are going to eat."
  
  She said this nonsense, the tone of a singing three sighs, almost to put together a Shajiabang. How could Wei Zhiyuan not hear it?
  He looked back again, only to see that on the dining room table were several plates of dumplings - come on, rolling dumplings to catch the wind and noodles, she kinda respected tradition.
  
  Wei Qian had nothing to say to the old bastard who persistently stuck a knife into his words, he kind of saw through it, let her spread gossip, she guaranteed that she could stand up to the organization, let her keep a secret, it was a self-inflicted sin.
  Mrs. Song's method of keeping secrets has been the only one since ancient times: she is afraid that others will not know.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan is not a lukewarm character, but also never learned to make a colorful, natural character, his heart no matter how fishy, but also will not make a big fuss to vent out, will only use a silent expression and eyes to express his extreme disappointment and aggrievement.
  
  He had already heard what Big Brother was going to do, and Grandma knew.
  And they were unanimous in treating him as a child ...... who did not know any better, even though he had ceased to pretend to be crazy, to run and fight with Xiaobao, and to pretend to be innocent and pampered, and even though he was pectinately running all the way to the standard of grownups, and he did not dare to stop for a moment.
  
  Thirteen or fourteen-year-old boy, the restlessness of puberty and rapid physical and mental changes, so that Wei Zhiyuan more and more difficult to tolerate the attitude of his elder brother to treat him, he had no way to dispel the anger in his heart, had to be suppressed like a fire in the heart of the volcano under the stupidity of the fire.
  
  Before going to bed at night, Wei Zhiyuan took out a notice and handed it to Wei Qian: "Sign it for me, will you?"
  
  He said this as if he were handing in a review, looking down at his toes, not raising his eyelids, his expression cold.
  
  Wei Qian swept a glance, "Summer camp? What summer camp?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said coldly: "A while ago our school organized a selection contest of Olympic mathematics, I was selected, the summer vacation was selected to participate in training ...... Oh, participated in the training of the junior high school can be directly into the focus of the junior high school division of this school."
  Any other child would have rejoiced and shown off to the adults, but Wei Zhiyuan seemed to be just asking Wei Qian to sign as a guardian, his face taut and not at all joyful.
  
  He couldn't be happy about it, and anyway, no matter what, he was powerless in front of his big brother.
  
  But his young guardian felt very pleasantly surprised - especially when he saw the notice sheet, a subject of the whole school to select only one student, let Wei Qian feel unusually long face, can not help but smile a little, however, he then felt that it should not be too joyful, to save the child complacency, so he coughed dryly, hard to put the The rising corners of the mouth pulled flat, signed, a board said: "Since you go to learn well, let you go is the school teacher look up to you, don't fall off the chain at that time disgraceful."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan nodded with a low brow.
  Wei Qian touched his pants pocket, then remembered something, opened the locked small drawer, touched out some money, put it in an envelope - when he did this, because the mood is too pleasant, the joyfulness touched over a bottle of floral water bottle put on the table by Xiao Bao, although his eyes and hands quickly help up, but his wrist is still stained with some.
  
  Wei Qian casually tore a piece of paper to wipe his wrist clean and handed the envelope to Wei Zhiyuan: "This I put outside for you, if you want to go out to live, don't aggravate yourself by eating and drinking outside."
  After saying that, he raised his hand and rubbed Wei Zhiyuan's hair in passing.
  
  The floral water still remaining on his wrist is laced with the scent of alcohol, his fingers are long and strong, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly felt that there seems to be an electric current rushing into his head, and he couldn't help but blush.
  After blushing, he began to use the inexplicable mixture of shame and anger in his heart again, and the taste was unspeakable.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suddenly opened his mouth and called out, "Brother ......"
  Wei Qian looked back at him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan would like to say to his brother, from now on, he has his own way to go, has his own grown-up direction, will no longer want to young silk like begging to pester big brother, he will no longer be like two years ago as reckless to chase after big brother's footsteps, thousands of miles of desperate to be a drag.
  He would become a topsy-turvy Wei Zhiyuan, not a follower with nothing to do.
  
  However, meeting Wei Qian's pleasant and restrained expression, Wei Zhiyuan's words rolled around in his throat for a few times, and then originally rolled back from where they came from, scattering into a bellyful of crows.
  
  He shook his head in silence, not following through, not wanting to say anything.
  
  The next day, Wei Qian all the way to see Wei Zhiyuan riding a bicycle with Xiaobao went to school, only in a small man's heart to measure the gentleman's heart to breathe a sigh of relief, packed up the luggage out of the door and the old bear to join them.
  
  The old bear with big toadstools and sun hat, chewing gum, before the trip is still instructing Wei Qian: "Take you can, but let's say in advance, the railroad has not been repaired so far, we have to drive in, may not be where to go, flat places with high elevation, the elevation of the road is not good to go, especially the mountain road, every year a large number of ghosts overturned the car down the mountain and hanged on the wall from then on, we can only come back at the end of July at the earliest, the crime is really not a person to suffer, are you sure with me? We can only come back at the end of July at the earliest, that crime is really not a human being, are you sure you want to go with me."
  
  Wei Qian nodded without hesitation.
  
  The old bear shook his head and sighed, ready to continue with his hypnotic story-like pace of speech for a long rant, when Wei Qian couldn't bear to interrupt.
  
  Wei Qian: "Boss Xiong, listening to you talk always reminds me of a poem."
  The old bear looked at him.
  
  Weiqian said, "The proctors are close-knit, and the intention is to return late."
  The old bear with with toadstools, thinking there for a long time, until the car has driven downtown, he asked as if in a dream, "No
------------

Sectionalized reading 30

Ah, that was a comment about human grandmothers just now, wasn't it? You asshole."
  
  Wei Qian knows that he is uneducated, do not know that he is so so uneducated, more so that he sighs is that he is so uneducated, but also dare to be shy and attached to the elegance ...... of this person is really, extraordinary one word.
  
  Wei Qian followed the old bear so a go, quietly away for several months, the beginning will occasionally call back to report safety, and then simply no news.
  
  During the period Song Xiaobao also recited several times, Wei Zhiyuan did not mention a word, Song old lady suspected that this temperament thief big child is to hold in the heart.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan sleeps alone on an empty bed, every night is bound to stay up until twelve o'clock later, run out of workbooks will be stapled into an arithmetic paper, edges and corners of all inch written all over, three or four days will be able to run out of a thick whole book.
  Old Mrs. Song looked at those arithmetic processes that she couldn't understand, and froze without giving up selling the rags, giving it to be treasured as a tool to routinely educate Song Xiaobao every day.
  
  Song Xiaobao was subjected to inhumane torture in this regard, as her amiable grandmother had only this to say to her, "Look at other people, and then look at you."
  
  Song Xiaobao muttered, "I'm just an intermediate student."
  "Middle schoolers," Grandma gave an unfounded conclusion by hitting her on the head with her chopsticks, "middle schoolers are a disgrace!"
  
  She can't even read the subtitles that are put underneath the interviews with foreigners on the newscasts, she can't read a whole lot of words, and she has the audacity to judge middle school students ......
  Middle child is fine, it's not like it's a hangnail!
  
  Song Xiao Bao didn't think Grandma knew shit and it didn't make sense at all.
  
  The eldest brother threatened to cut her hair, the second brother was the damned "family", the grandmother became a cartwheeling broken mouth, Song Xiao Bao felt that she in this family, simply a pick up the bitter cauliflower, really how to do it is not right.
  
  Soon, summer came and went, and there was still no word from Wei Qian.
  
  That day Wei Zhiyuan went to participate in a school mock exam, did not go to class, went home early, Grandma let him buy twenty pounds of rice, Wei Zhiyuan ride, halfway, he passed a community activity center, Wei Zhiyuan originally careless ride through, somehow, but suddenly braked the car.
  
  Only to see a large platform in the activity center, probably the first of June is coming soon, a teacher-like person is leading a few eight or nine year old children to rehearse the program inside, of course, children rehearsing children's programs nothing to see, Wei Zhiyuan's eyes fell on a man.
  
  The man was only in his early forties, but his back was hunched, his shoehorned face was an unshaven beard, and he wore a dirty suit that made him look very lewd.
  The man was sitting on a public bench and was staring without looking at a couple of kids in the arena who were bouncing around to the music.
  His eyes almost materialized into substance, narrowly escaping touching those children's bodies sinisterly.
  
  Even if this guy turned into dust, Wei Zhiyuan would still recognize him - this was the perverted pedophile that he had once beaten away with a steel pipe.
  
  Wei Qian had been looking for this person at that time, but unfortunately, he had not been able to find him, and did not expect to be caught off guard and run into Wei Zhiyuan's hands.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pushed the cart and hid behind a corner, like a small leopard hunting for the first time but unusually patient, watching the man with a mantis.
  
  It had been waiting for more than an hour for the kids to end their rehearsal, and Wei Zhiyuan noticed that the pervert couldn't help but follow suit when a few of the kids walked out of the community center's barred door in a hullabaloo.
  Unfortunately, the female teacher accompanying him followed him all the way, and he didn't find a chance to get his hands on her.
  
  Like a goose with a long neck, the man stared salivatingly for a long time, until the children had gone out of sight and he turned around with a gasp, his crotch already bulging.
  
  There wasn't much on the street at the moment, so the man had no qualms about pressing his hand to his crotch and rubbing it as he went.
  He wandered off in the other direction, and Wei Zhiyuan hesitated for only a second before locking his car on the side of the road and quietly following.
  
  The small school in this neighborhood is a branch of a public elementary school just located over here, the location is relatively remote, Wei Zhiyuan guessed that may be the reason why the perverts will start to come here activities.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan adorned him for nearly forty minutes before seeing the man walk into a meat processing plant.
  
  And then Wei Zhiyuan did not move, returned the same way, bought rice to go home, and after arriving home did not mention a word, as usual, and Song Xiaobao one person to wash the dishes, one person to clean up the kitchen, and then each in their respective rooms to do homework.
  
  Old Mrs. Song gave a command and went out to do her work again.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan studied his homework, read a part of the teacher gave him the OU book, the room is so quiet that even the clock "ticking" sound can be heard, after all this, Wei Zhiyuan raised his eyes and swept the door of Xiaobao's closed room, dark eyes like thick ink points.
  Then he pulled out a new notebook and wrote down the date, the address of the meat processing plant.
  


32. Chapter XXXII
  
  At breakfast the next day, Wei Zhiyuan said to Mrs. Song and Xiaobao, "The teacher will keep me for remedial lessons these two nights, so I'll be back later, so don't wait for me to eat."
  
  Mrs. Song and Xiao Bao didn't suspect a thing, after all, compared to Wei Qian's scary history of breaking the law, Wei Zhiyuan is a good student in the traditional sense of the word, knows what he's doing, is clean and tidy, abides by the rules, has strong self-control, and never does anything out of the ordinary - in Xiao Bao's school, Wei Zhiyuan's excellence is also well known.
  So Mrs. Song heard, immediately turned the focus of the attack on the object of Xiaobao said: "Hear not, with your brother they learn, your big brother is a college student, your little brother also represent the school to participate in the competition, you?"
  
  Po said without pressure, "Let them go, I'll watch the house."
  Old Mrs. Song raised her spatula to hit her, Song Xiaobao was like a little monkey, leaping to the door in three or two steps, doggedly opening the door for Wei Zhiyuan, nodding her head and saying, "Second brother, after you."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan nodded his head very much in the style of everyone, picked up the car keys, and walked out in front of her, Song Xiaobao bumblingly followed, like a little eunuch in the saddle, turning back to spit out his tongue at Old Mrs. Song.
  Due to the fact that the growth of her physical body was less anxious than the old bear's rate of speech, and Wei Zhiyuan was growing too eagerly, the two, despite appearing to be about the same age in the beginning, now seemed to have literally widened the age gap.
  
  Old Mrs. Song angrily threw down the spatula and scolded Xiao Bao, "Rotten mud can't stick to the wall, alas, unproductive thing!"
  
  That night, Wei Zhiyuan really didn't come back until nearly eight o'clock, Mrs. Song had already gone to work for a hot pot restaurant, Song Xiaobao poked his head out of the house, "Second brother, back? There's food in the kitchen, and Grandma left you two hard-boiled eggs in the pot!"
  Wei Zhiyuan "hmm", opened the pot to see that there is only one.
  
  Song Xiaobao hastily added, "I stole one!"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "......"
  
  Song Xiaobao laughed "Hehehe", "Right, I'll show you this!"
  After she finished, she ran to the living room, and fished out a crumpled postcard from under the glass cushion of the coffee table, sent from Qinghai, with Wei Qian's somewhat faded handwriting on it, the time was still a month ago, probably he happened to pass by when he was in a good mood, and listened to whoever had said something, and bought it to send it back to coax them to play with it.
  
  Unfortunately, he did not even coax seriously coaxing, after writing the mailing address, not even a sentence, just drew two small turtles, a bald head to represent the male turtle, a flower on the head to represent the female turtle, the two turtles obediently stayed together to play, contains all the big brother sent back the message - Wei Zhiyuan and Song Xiaobao, you two pups at home! Stay well and be honest.
  
  The "God Turtle Man" was tireless in destroying people, and unknowingly had a profound influence on Wei Qian's aesthetic and artistic cells.
  ...... He has fallen in a lifelong love of drawing little kingpins for nothing.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan heart can not help but jump, Wei Qian has been more than half a month without news, Xiaoyuan inexplicably remembered the hand stained with the smell of flower water, can not help but ask: "He did not call?"
  "No," Song Xiaobao said, "Second Brother, is there dried yak meat in Qinghai? Is it good?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan sighed, giving up on normal communication with her, "Why do you just know how to eat."
  
  "Aiya, you don't learn to talk like big brother, it's not like you learn, it should be like this-" Song Xiaobao waved his hand, then slumped his face, argued a cross-eyed expression, lowered his voice, and said in a short and fierce tone, " Little brat, just know how to eat!"
  
  Her mimicry ability grew with each passing day, and was exquisite. Wei Zhiyuan couldn't help but laugh along with Xiao Bao, the look of her big brother's stern face lecturing the little girl was almost close at hand.
  
  When Xiaobao went back to the house, Wei Zhiyuan sat down, took out his secret notebook, filled in a few words after "meat processing plant", "warehouse manager, three shifts", and then made a complete copy of the duty schedule from memory.
  While other teenagers' first secret written in a book is usually about Mu Shao Ai, Wei Zhiyuan's first secret notebook is a creepy record of a person's entire trail.
  
  With the passage of time, Wei Zhiyuan's information about that perverted man's name, family situation, work schedules, habits, and so on, had been so detailed as to be shocking to the eye.
  
  At the beginning, Wei Zhiyuan only on the community activity center to keep an eye on, but the female teacher leading the team, although young, but look very strict, perverts have only been able to watch from afar, did not go into the past. After "June 1", the children who rehearsed finished their performances and stopped going.
  The pervert seemed resigned, but there was nothing he could do about it; he wouldn't dare do anything in the presence of an adult, even if it was just a young girl as skinny as a bird. The man had hung around the neighborhood for a few days after that.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had been secretly observing him, however, tracking or recording, he had only collected this information in passing at this point, and had not yet figured out what he should do, he was not Wei Qian's kind of glaring, murderous and impatient temper, and was used to convincing himself in advance of doing anything.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan closed the notebook, locked and hidden, and then stared at the cup of drinking water for a while - the cup is the big brother's, Wei Zhiyuan actually have their own cup, but he does not like to use, always like to rub the big brother's water to drink, the same bland cold white water, he seems to be able to big brother's cup to drink out of the flavor.
  Wei Qian never cared about this kind of trivial matter of chicken and garlic, just let him drink ...... but drink it and pour it again, or he will be scolded.
  
  He could hardly restrain himself from remembering a lot of things related to Wei Qian, while getting more and more angry with his big brother.
  Wei Zhiyuan decided to use silent cold violence against that big brother who thought he was an adult to rebel to the end, even if his big brother called again, he absolutely did not answer.
  
  However, most of the month really passed, but Wei Qian did not make a single phone call, following that postcard, no news came back.
  The weather is getting hotter.
  
  Even Old Lady Song couldn't hold back and took the initiative to let Song Xiaobao call Wei Qian's cell phone - in Old Lady Song's perception, the phone bill, a cost incurred out of sight and out of mind, made her cringe, and as long as the house wasn't on fire, she didn't use the phone, and wouldn't let anyone else use it.
  
  But it didn't connect. Wei Qian turned off the phone.
  
  Mrs. Song was anxious and immediately had to go upstairs to find SanFat. In her eyes, although Wei Qian is a son of a bitch who talks like a gavel, he is also the pillar of the family, the pillar is gone, she does not know who to talk to except SanFat.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan, however, calmly stopped her, "It's useless to look for him, Third Brother will at most make a few more calls, if Xiao Bao can't get through, can he?"
  
  Mrs. Song tilted her head at the boy who was already taller than her, "So what do you say?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan thought for a moment, "Who did you say my brother went with again? The guy who runs the pharmacy?"
  Mrs. Song nodded her head in a six-fold manner.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "You give me the address."
  That day happened to be the weekend, Wei Zhiyuan took the postcard that Wei Qian finally sent back, took the address given to him by Mrs. Song, and rode his bike to Old Xiong's pharmacy, he was calm as if he was solving a mathematical problem with tedious steps, one step pushed one step, methodical, and calm to the point of abnormality.
  
  When Old Mrs. Song also calmed down, she looked at the obviously wilted Xiao Bao, and thought about that teenager's unperturbed face, but her heart started to feel a little bad.
  Shouldn't a normal person be disoriented when someone close to them loses news and doesn't return from a long absence?
  Even if it is just six gods for a while what ...... Wei Zhiyuan s reaction is far beyond the level of his age, but Song Laotai can t help but be a little cold.
  
  She used to find the boy eloquent and benevolent, but now she had to begin to suspect that he had no human feelings.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan all the way to find the old bear's pharmacy, according to the old bear's urine, this clerk and a temporary hired short-term workers, the face of a person to play multiple roles in the pharmacy is maladaptive, a question three don't know.
  Wei Zhiyuan and he asked for the old bear's contact information, and said a few good words, using the store's phone to call the old bear, the other side is also off.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's heart seems to have sunk a stone, cold and heavy, it seems to fall his three souls and seven souls together, he had to force himself to do the right thing by pulling hard and that heavy stone.
  
  The teenager and the clerk struggled to communicate for a long time, and finally, the clerk remembered that there was a sheet of personal information about the owner in the drawer, which seemed to have an emergency contact in addition to a contact address and a means of communication.
  In this way, Wei Zhiyuan found Old Bear's wife.
  
  However, the moment the phone was connected, an anxious female voice came from inside, asking indiscriminately, "Old Bear? Is it Old Bear?"
  With one sentence, she completely wiped out the hope in Wei Zhiyuan's heart.
  
  At this point, Wei Zhiyuan knew that his elder brother had really lost contact.
  
  From the drugstore, Wei Zhiyuan went straight to the police station to report the case, a policewoman on duty saw him as a half-grown child, more patiently asked him many specifics.
  However, Wei Zhiyuan did not know anything about the situation - Wei Qian only called a few days after he had just left, but due to Wei Zhiyuan's gambling and refusal to talk to him, Wei Qian at most teased Xiaobao for a few sentences, and grandma accounted for a peace, and hung up in a few words, and each time he left a message that was pitifully small.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had to take out the postcard and show it to the policewoman, who took it, scrutinized the postmark and date, and shook her head, "Brother, we can be subjected to
------------

Reading in sections 31

Reason, can also help you check where he was at the time according to the itinerary and date recorded on this, but it's very likely that he was just passing through and didn't go missing here, you understand, right? You don't even know when and where the person disappeared, and the hope that we can find it is very slim, so you have to be prepared for that."
  
  For a moment, Wei Zhiyuan looked at her with an expression that appeared dazed and overwhelmed, as if he was blindsided by the sudden change of events, yet it was only for a short while before he restrained himself and withdrew his gaze.
  
  The policewoman observed something through his reaction and asked gently, "Do you have any other adults at home?"
  "There's only a grandmother, very old." Wei Zhiyuan looked back and lowered his eyes, while then paused, "Thank you, sister."
  
  After saying that, Wei Zhiyuan stood up and left, having done everything he could think of.
  There's nothing more to be done.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan rode his bike home at an even speed, and when he reached a deserted place halfway down the road, he suddenly reached out without warning and braked the car with his foot on the ground, and then slowly bent down, lying on the handlebars and burying his face in the middle of his arm.
  
  Teenagers grow dramatically and appear to be thin back bent into a taut bow, Wei Zhiyuan finally could not hold that stone in his heart, let it fall straight down, smashed him from the liver, gallbladder, lungs and heart has been painful to the heart.
  
  "What should I do?"
  In a daze, his heart seemed to have changed from a mess of shouts from ten directions, gradually turning into the silence of the silent world, and then only such an unanswered question remained.
  
  Big brother went so far.
  What if he really just ...... just ...... never comes back?
  The vast, boundless distance, and the hope of a firefly like a bean.
  Since his birth, "powerlessness" has seemed to permeate every day of his life.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't push his way home until the news broadcast that night, and Xiaobao and Old Mrs. Song were busy raising their heads together and looking at him blearily.
  Mrs. Song asked, "How was it?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan walked to the middle of the living room with a wooden expression and sat squarely on the sofa.
  He logically recounted what he'd done and heard throughout the afternoon before clearing his throat and lifting his eyes, his gaze sweeping over Grandma and Bo's faces.
  Wei Zhiyuan softly and slowly said his subsequent decision, "Now we have no other way, we can only wait for the news, if my brother ...... then after that it is me who will withdraw from school to support the family."
  
  Old Mrs. Song jumped up violently and stomped the ground with her feet in a hurry: ''Blah blah blah! Counter-arguments, children's words are reckless! What is the little brat talking nonsense about?"
  
  "Grandma." Wei Zhiyuan straightened his spine and looked at her quietly, "I heard that when my brother's parents were gone, he was about the same age as I am now, from now on, what he can do, I can do, and what he can carry on his back for his family, I can carry on my back, don't you worry."
  
  Mrs. Song stared at him blankly.
  
  Xiao Bao's eyes suddenly red, blinking, tears "snap" fell, she gently pulled Wei Zhiyuan said: "Second brother, anyway, I'm not good at learning, let me drop out of school, I can still think of myself as a rat fell into the rice vat."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's gaze fell on her, and then he seemed to be following the actions of someone in his memory, somewhat awkwardly and unskillfully reaching out his hand and gently placing it on top of Xiao Bao's head.
  
  He said, "What can you do? You look so little and have no strength, you'll get bullied if you leave school."
  
  Bao somehow cried even harder at those words.
  
  "My brother has fought for his life to get this far, as long as he still has a breath, he'll definitely be back before he reports for school - don't cry, it's fine." Wei Zhiyuan finished this sentence unhurriedly, while then squeezing out a not-so-successful smile and turning to his grandmother, "In the future, if it's dark or windy or rainy, I'll ride my bike to pick you up and drop you off."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan did his best to regulate the atmosphere of the family and to become a new pillar of support.
  Yet when the dead of night came, he sat alone behind his little desk and couldn't figure out how his big brother had managed to bring up Bao back in the day and hold up such a leaky home all around.
  
  When he was a young man, he used to talk a lot, often let out the words "to support the family", but now he finally far away from the dependence, a deep fear from the bottom of his heart, but almost crushed him.
  
  More terrified than when he had wandered around in his early childhood in a haze of ignorance and with only a little natural resourcefulness and luck, more terrified than when he had confronted perverts with a steel pipe, and even more terrified than when he had followed his big brother in his cautious flight for his life.
  Because he can't be clueless, he can't clutch his heart and do things on impulse with a little bit of fervor, and he doesn't have that one person to look forward to anymore.
  
  There was Grandma on top, Xiao Bao on the bottom, he had to take care of them, and there was also Asako's mother living at a snail's pace in the short bungalow across the street, and Big Brother wouldn't allow himself to leave her behind.
  He felt an almost dark pressure.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took a deep breath and silently asked himself in his heart, "What would my brother do?"
  He leaned back in his chair, trying to calm his heaving mind, and began a long reminiscence of all things Wei Qian.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was like carefully scrutinizing a math problem, meticulously extrapolating all the bits and pieces of life that were needed, one by one, thinking about what to do about it.
  
  And despite his worst preparations, Wei Zhiyuan still refused to admit in his heart that Wei Qian had disappeared for no reason, and he always firmly believed that even if he wouldn't come this summer, his big brother would surely come back before the next fall came.
  It was as if it had become the last straw floating in his heart.
  
  Turning near the final exams, Wei Zhiyuan will still run to the police station every day, but he will occasionally get a lunch box of dumplings or pies, but did not get a bit of news about the big brother.
  Every time he returned from a disappointment, Wei Zhiyuan would feel that he had been pushed to the brink of a near-collapse.
  
  The return trip happened to be through a remote section of road near a small school, it was already very late in the day, Wei Zhiyuan was caught off guard and saw that pervert again - due to his family's affairs, he hadn't had the energy to follow up for a long time.
  
  The pervert was seen holding a couple of roadside-bought lollipops and was bending over a six or seven year old boy.
  
  The little boy, who looked dull and probably a little slow intellectually, and for whom the man's speech was too fast, was somewhat half-intelligible, but instinctively sensed that the other was a little ill-intentioned, and could not help taking a step backward.
  The pervert reached out his salty hand to grab the kid's shoulder, and just then he was suddenly hit hard from behind.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan acted as if he couldn't brake the car and knocked him aside, saying coldly, "A good dog doesn't block the road."
  He has grown up too much, coupled with the black light, the other party did not recognize him at all, only to be suddenly crashed through, a little panicked to the side to shrink a little, Wei Zhiyuan bent down to pick up the little boy, thrown on the crossbar of the car, impatiently said, "Sit down and change to move around."
  
  Then drove him straight out.
  
  The little boy was really slow to react, riding out a long way before he looked at Wei Zhiyuan blankly and said, "Big brother, I don't recognize you."
  Wei Zhiyuan: "I don't know you either."
  
  This kind of conversation was beyond the little guy's intellect, his eyes widened and he didn't know what to say, Wei Zhiyuan kept riding out of the narrow hutong before placing him at the intersection of the downtown area, "Let's go."
  
  The anxiety and despair of not being able to find his big brother, and the pressure brought on by the family he was about to face, finally ignited the negative emotions Wei Zhiyuan had long suppressed in his heart.
  
  And the events of this night made Wei Zhiyuan think he had found a reason - he decided to get that man killed.
  It was as if it had to be this way for him to get back a little of the control over his life that his powerless hands had.
  
  

33. Chapter 33 

  Before you know it, the semester is coming to an end, and it's time for final exams.
  
  The day after the examination, the students in the school swarmed out, Song Xiaobao's skirt was accidentally a joyful shouting ran past the little boy hung up, the zipper of the schoolbag just stuck in the hollow lace, and a tear a long big mouth.
  
  Bao frowned fiercely, but there was nothing she could do about the unsuspecting little perpetrator who had run off long ago.
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan arrived home, Mrs. Song hadn't come back yet. He saw Song Xiaobao sitting on the sofa, with Mrs. Song's usual needle and thread box in her lap, tearing off all the lace that had rotted underneath the skirt, hanging his head down, carefully folding the skirt upwards, and clumsily holding the needle and thread to lock the edges of a curved and twisted stitch.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan asked, "What are you doing?"
  He suddenly made a sound, Song Xiaobao was caught off guard and got her hand zapped, she shook her hand off and bared her teeth as she complained, "Aiyo brother, you scared me, this skirt edge of mine ripped and couldn't be sewn on, so I had to tear it all off and re-sew an edge."
  
  Her words trailed off and she cocked her head, "Finished, seems a little crooked."
  
  Comrade Xiao Bao's manual ability is difficult to reach the basic level of the toiling masses, has never been more hands than feet stupid, and has never sewn their own clothes, with their family's current economic conditions, the famous brand is no need to think about, but to buy a new dress for the little girl is still nothing.
  But Song Xiaobao this "have conditions to be pampered, no conditions to create conditions to be pampered" of the big petulant package but did not even mention.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan realized that the disappearance of his elder brother had caused more than just him stress.
  
  Little Bo sewed it crooked, so I had to cut the thread with small scissors, remove it and re-do it, but unfortunately it wasn't long before it was crooked again.
  
  She sighed insufferably and slammed the needle and thread back into the needle and thread box, probably also aggrieved in her heart, sniffling, but she raised her eyes and found that only herself and Wei Zhiyuan were at home, so she held back the tears - she just looked small, but she actually wasn't small any more, and in her heart, Wei Zhiyuan was not the same as her big brother and grandma and them. In her heart, Wei Zhiyuan is not the same as her grandmother and her elder brother. Her elder brother is more like a powerful father with a deep generation gap, and Wei Zhiyuan is a junior brother of the same generation, so she is too embarrassed to act so unintelligent in front of him.
  
  After a while, Xiao Bao came over and took away the Wei Zhiyuan ruler, "Second brother you lend me this long ruler to use."
  When she finished, she bent over the table and pressed the edge with a ruler, struggling with the needle to avoid sewing crookedly again.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan lowered his head as if he was reading a book, but the book in front of him did not turn a page, and several times, he wanted to raise his head and say to Xiao Bao, don't sew it, and buy you a new one tomorrow.
  But he didn't dare.
  
  Even though the family is well off at the moment, the loss of the elder brother is almost the same as the loss of financial resources, and without a source of money, it will be spent one day.
  
  They both harbor the same fear in their hearts, and each other seems to be unapologetically unaware of it without piercing it.
  
  Just then, Three Fatty arrived.
  Three fat always look happy, this guy can day after day poor happy, as if there are happy endless things, in the words of Wei Qian, is that he "face always flooded with the red light of just finished drinking wine".
  Three Fatty probed around the house and asked suspiciously, "Hey, your brother's unlucky kid hasn't come back yet? Where was he robbed to be a door-to-door aunt, intending to enjoy himself?"
  
  Wei Qian and his party lost contact, at the request of Wei Zhiyuan, no one told Sanfan, Sanfan is still optimistically kept in the dark.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said, "It's been almost this week or two, and I heard yesterday that it's headed back."
  
  "Oh," said Sanfat, seeing the frankness of his face, and not taking it to heart, and looking down at the work in Bao's hands, "Bao'er, you're going to be a tailor, aren't you?"
  
  Xiaobao raised her head, her line of sight bumped into Wei Zhiyuan, she played small and could not read people's faces, but at this time, for some reason, all of a sudden, she evolved to a new platform - able to read other people's eyes, Xiaobao cooperated with the lie that was not very clever: "I don't like this lace any more, and I want to get rid of it. "
  
  Three Fatty said rightfully, "If you don't like it, let your brother buy you a new one, what's the point of bothering?"
  
  Song Xiaobao was a truthful child, never making up much nonsense, she didn't know what to say for a moment, and hurriedly lowered her head, suspecting that she was going to reveal herself soon.
  It was a while before she pursed her lips and held her tongue, "I ...... I want to save it."
  
  Three fat ate a shock, heartless said: "Look at our sister, too understand, your brother's grandson if he heard, can really rest in peace."
  
  He was joking, three fat was originally a big mouth cannon without smoke, and Wei Qian is not afraid of the cold, what "salty words" are full of running, no taboo, but just when he said the words fell, Xiaoyuan and Xiaobao suddenly raised their heads together to look at him, the two children's faces are extremely ugly, just ugly, but no one squeaked.
  
  Three fat reaction is very fast, after a stunned, immediately in his own mouth on the side of a light slap: "Bah, see three brother this stink mouth, this nonsense strength, all right ah, all don't take it to heart."
  
  For a while, Wei Zhiyuan squeezed out a smile at him, but Xiao Bao didn't have that city and couldn't smile at all, she grabbed the clothes and the needle and thread box, and whispered down, "This can't be seen, I'm going back to the house to do it."
  And then turned and walked away.
  
  At this point, even if Sanfat was blind, he understood that something was wrong.
  But when he opened his mouth at Wei Zhiyuan and was about to inquire, he took a look at the child's eyes that vaguely contained some kind of stubbornness and knew that nothing could be asked.
  
  Three fat is to understand, these two children are not good in the heart, just in the way of their presence, are trying to hold back not to show.
  
  "Come on," said the three fat heart, "I'd better go, and then stay here, must suffocate the two little cubs."
  He said goodbye to Wei Zhiyuan and left, deciding to block Old Mrs. Song at night and ask for clarification.
  
  And Wei Zhiyuan always remembered that he still had one thing left to do.
  The next day, he chose a quiet afternoon out of the door, when he left, Wei Zhiyuan took out the money Wei Qian gave him for summer camp, looked at it, and stuffed it into his school bag with the envelope.
  
  This is something that his brother left for himself, Wei Zhiyuan wants to carry it with him, so that he has a solid heart.
  When he was done with that, Wei Zhiyuan decided to use the money to buy Xiao Bao a new dress, anyway, if his brother really didn't come back, he wouldn't go to summer camp, it was pointless.
  
  At this point, those who work are already at work, and those who don't are taking a lunch break in the summer heat.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan has already figured out that that pervert was married once, then divorced, and is now an only
------------

Reading in sections 32

He had the other side's entire duty schedule in his hand, and knew that on this day the pervert happened to be on duty from late afternoon to twelve o'clock in the middle of the night, and was not at home.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan even tracked and then stepped on the spot, and had already turned around near that house four or five times.
  
  He nimbly climbed the fence near the silo, and with a double stomp and a climb, he leapt to the second floor balcony.
  Wei Zhiyuan used the knife he had with him to cut a slit in the screen window of the man's house that was barely big enough for him to fit one hand through, and then shrunk his hand into the long-sleeved jacket he had deliberately put on, and through the jacket he reached into the screen window, pivoted the pins on the inside, and tumbled in through the window.
  
  He had carefully thought through every detail before he did it, including which part of the process would meet with what surprises, almost as if he had a plan.
  Wei Zhiyuan do thief seems to be gifted, the first time on the line of clouds and water like habitual criminals, silent, a breath of air.
  
  But up to this point, he had remained in a rigorous manner, with the idea of bold assumptions and cautious evidence, and had first visited the man's home.
  
  Soon enough, Wei Zhiyuan knew that his cautious pleading was completely superfluous.
  
  He found tons of horny/erotic posters and pictures in the filthy bedroom, most of them featuring children, and judging from the pictures, this guy seemed to have an extraordinarily strong affinity for little boys and girls between the ages of six and eight/nine, who hadn't developed yet. Since he lived alone, the guy didn't even bother to hide them, plastering them all over the walls.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't want to leave traces of himself, and through the sleeves of his coat, he flipped through those things, calculating the feasibility of reporting in his heart.
  
  With that, he vetoed the idea.
  Wei Zhiyuan only in his brother and third brother's words, heard of this pervert seems to have killed a little girl, but it has been years ago, the little girl has long been dead, even the family refused to report to the police, he has absolutely no evidence to say that this is the person who did it.
  
  As for the one he met, it could only be described as an attempt, and it would seem to make sense for the other guy to bite the bullet and say that he was just trying to rob a kid of his pocket money.
  As for hiding children's pornographic materials in one's home, even though it may bring some trouble to that person, what can it do? It's none of other people's business what they hide in their homes.
  He won't be sentenced for this, whereas Wei Zhiyuan himself, from stalking to breaking and entering, this series of things are not on the table.
  
  He was in enough trouble already, he couldn't get into more trouble over this.
  
  Finally, Wei Zhiyuan rummaged through another drawer and found something inside that clearly belonged to a child - a little girl's cartoon hair card, his familiar, their school uniform buttons, and even a few pieces of children's underwear.
  
  Next to a dozen videotapes.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pulled out the top one and placed it in the old VCR next to him, and after the noise and white dots, a colorful/erotic video featuring a little girl of about ten years old appeared on the screen.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had little interest in this, he frowned and fast-forwarded the tape backward, seeing that there was still something so absurd in the world - the whole box of videotape, back and forth is that one little girl, also, back and forth is that bit of content, and surprisingly, it is also quite a performance nature of the switching of several poorly written themes.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't feel that he was doing the people a favor, he just felt that having such a person living in the world made him feel a little sick.
  
  He had learned enough and was ready to exit the tape and leave quietly to carry out his next plan.
  Just a second before he was about to hit the pause button, the fast-forwarded video jumped to the next clip.
  
  These tapes are all crude pirated tapes, and the person who burned them was probably careless, mixing in a video of something else as well. The first few images flew by under the effect of fast forwarding, and Wei Zhiyuan glanced at them, thinking that the background style seemed to have changed, and the hand that was about to press down couldn't help but pause.
  
  Then, his jaw suddenly dropped and his eyes widened.
  
  He saw two tall European and American men both dressed very coolly, point-blank saying two preverbal lines, and then surprisingly ambiguous attitude hugged each other and kissed and rolled to a piece.
  Wei Zhiyuan did not know when to stop fast forwarding, not good eyeballs staring at the two people on the screen, the two male protagonists are both body slender and powerful, muscle angular, the place that should be absolutely not lacking ...... is also never fake.
  
  And the two incomprehensible male leads still seem to be doing it with great gusto!
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze in place, his outstretched hand froze in mid-air, completely forgetting to retract it, and just as the two men in that piece grunted and cursed and went straight to the point, there was a sudden knock on the door from outside.
  Wei Zhiyuan turned off the VCR as quickly as he was struck by lightning, and stood motionless with bated breath in the unfamiliar, disorganized living room.
  
  Someone outside yelled out, "Electricity bill? Is anyone here?"
  Wei Zhiyuan closed his eyes and clenched his fists at his side, quietly counting his thunderous heartbeat.
  
  He took a deep breath as the entire configuration of the room flashed through his mind, instantly picking out several evacuation routes - if someone outside suddenly opened the door or ......
  
  Well, the man outside waited for a while, then cursed lowly, "No one is there as soon as they collect the money, what kind of people are they, yuck!"
  And then it seemed to go away.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was relieved.
  His back was already drenched in sweat, but he acted methodically, first withdrawing the tape, then carefully restoring what had been moved to its original state, and finally, he found a place for cash under a small cupboard and drew three hundred dollars in cash from it.
  
  His heartbeat has been slightly calmed, but still blushing, turned back to the screen he cut open to flatten, and then in the door of the "cat's eye" to observe a period of time, to make sure that there is no one in the hallway, and to make sure that the pervert left the door without unlocking it, and only then carefully pushed the door open, turn back to take it with him, and quietly from the hallway out! Out.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that there was a fire in his heart, burning his mouth dry, it seems that there is a kind of sticky not to go something entangled in him, he suspected that he was out of righteous indignation and nausea, so he bought a bottle of Arctic Ocean on the side of the road, flooded with ice, and poured it into his stomach three times, only to be able to extinguish that fire.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan calmly returned home and wrote a note to Xiaobao, saying that he had gone to the city library to borrow materials, and that he didn't have to wait for him to eat at night, and then he went straight to the factory where that pervert worked.
  
  On the last page of his secret notebook, he wrote the word "Qiu Jianguo" and then drew a big cross with a red pen.
  Oh, Kew is the name of the pedophile.
  
  Qiu ate in the cafeteria that night, as he usually does.
  He had recently set his sights on a little boy who looked like a little girl. Boys of that age are playful, run around at home on summer vacation, and their parents are a little more careless, so it's very easy to find an opportunity to get his hands on them, rather than the girls.
  
  Just as he was finishing his meal, the doorman came over with a couple bottles of wine, "You bought it, and someone just delivered it."
  
  Qiu Jianguo froze, "Me? I didn't buy it."
  
  The doorman vaguely knew that there was something abnormal about this man, although he didn't know exactly what kind of abnormality he was, he instinctively didn't want to have more contact with him, so he just gave him a loving look and placed both the wine and the signed list in front of him, "It's yours, your name--who bought it if not you? The money's been paid, over three hundred, quite expensive."
  
  The doorman finished, not wanting to pay any attention to him, and only instructed him to bring the signing sheet to the communication room at the end of his shift, and then he walked, away.
  
  Qiu checked the list and found that it was a delivery order from a nearby tavern he frequented, and it was indeed his name, no problem.
  He thought, maybe it is the delivery of the wrong person's name, usually go to the tavern are familiar customers, this is likely to happen, anyway, the money has been given, there is a cheap not to take advantage of is a son of a bitch, if someone comes to look for, he will be pushed two and a half six, anyway, it is the tavern got it wrong before the problem.
  
  So he took the wine with a clear conscience, stayed and drank it, and with a small dish of peanut beans, he went down three bottles of wine, and his whole body had become a puddle of drunkenness, falling into a heap in the reclining chair to lie down in a corpse, with no sense at all that he was working, and neglecting his duty as a matter of course.
  
  While he was half asleep, the man heard a click, which he ignored and simply rolled over.
  
  After another moment, he heard the sound of the little girl's brittle voice speaking.
  It's that undeveloped, tender, pinched voice.
  
  He was seemingly intoxicated when all at once he reacted, his eyes reddened, and he sat up violently.
  
  He heard voices coming from outside the door, and the little girl seemed to be muttering to herself, occasionally humming a couple of songs all by herself, accompanied by tiny, seemingly bouncing footsteps.
  He knew that in the front of the workshop staff dormitory, there is a female worker with her eight-year-old daughter living here, he every time he saw that little girl itchy heart, but he is very careful and cautious, not much to the people around him, had to have been held back.
  
  But right now ...... it happens to be late at night.
  
  My alcohol-heated brain exploded.
  The man's sweaty hairs stood up in excitement, and he licked his lips dryly and thirstily, reaching up to rub his crotch impatiently, and then stood up, his drunkenness unresolved and his eyes white as a sheet, and followed the sound that was far away and nearer to him, headlong and light-headed.
  As he walked, he felt a coolness around him, and the man shivered, more or less sobering up; he frowned, realizing that this was a cryogenic cold storage facility where meat products were kept, and that rustling noises were coming from inside.
  
  The man regained some of his senses and rushed inside, "Hey, you can't just go in the cold room!"
  
  The little girl seemed to gabble something, too low for him to hear. The man's throat rolled obscenely up and down, reason struggling hard for a moment with lust/lust, and lust/lust won out.
  
  He glanced at the warehouse door of the big clock, at this time from midnight shift change there is more than an hour, he knew that the cold storage at any time during the day into the new inventory, the door is not on the "big locks", only on the "small locks", the internal staff have the key, only the second half of the night shift change, will be By the shift personnel to increase the lock lock, the next day at six o'clock in the morning on time to open.
  
  A little over an hour is enough time to do a lot of things.
  He softened his voice: "Little sister, you can't break in here, quickly come out with uncle, uncle lead you to eat good food ......"
  
  He walked right in, not seeing for a moment that the clock at the cold storage door had stopped long ago.
  He followed the girl's voice deeper and deeper and further in, finally catching it - right behind a wall! The man licked his lips and took a sharp step forward, "Gotcha ......"
  
  There wasn't any little girl there, just an old cell phone that he himself had outgrown two or three years ago that was playing a ringtone over and over again, an ambiguous childish voice that kept ringing.
  Suddenly, it seemed to run out of power and the ringing stopped.
  The entire cold room was silent.
  
  The man was startled, and just then there was a loud bang behind him - a sound he knew all too well, the sound of his colleague slamming the outer door shut and dropping the lock!
  
  Wait a minute! It's not even shift change yet, how could anyone lock up at this point!
  
  The man rushed to the door and shouted at the top of his lungs, "There's someone else in there! Let me out! Let me out!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan waited past twelve o'clock, burned his secret notebook, went straight home, spread the thick dozen of previously written algorithmic papers on the bed, and made a very studious appearance--Nanma and Xiaobao have never been to the library, and no one knows what time the library closes.
  
  He was stained with dew brought from outside, and he thought that he had become such a bad embryo that he would not be able to sleep, who knew that as soon as his head was next to the pillow, he immediately felt a general relief in all his limbs and bones, and he placed Wei Qian's pillow next to him, as if this way his big brother was next to him ......
  
  Wei Zhiyuan fell asleep in such a soothing mixture of guilt and hidden worry, and he dreamed in a daze that his brother, fully clothed in nothing but an unbuttoned shirt, was lying on the bed looking at himself, so many scars on his body, but they didn't ruin the lines of that beautiful body at all.
  
  Wei Qian s eyes resemble his mother, but his eyes contain a clear glare, his nose is high and straight, but his lips carry a certain ...... from Wei Zhiyuan conjecture, indescribable smile.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan saw his bared body, the sticky feeling in his heart seemed to come back to haunt him, and the teenager walked over like a demon, suddenly ghostly wanting to treacherously touch it.
  The big brother in the dream just looked at him lazily, and even casually touched him, Wei Zhiyuan could hardly restrain himself from getting excited, and could not help but give birth to some kind of stranger, and also deeper, longing.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was awakened by a series of ringing phones, he sat up violently, his expression blank for a second, his heart was shocked like a tsunami.
  He was cold underneath, and after a moment's hesitation, in an awkward position, he got out of bed and picked up the phone.
  
  "Hey ......"
  
  "Me." The familiar voice came from the receiver somewhat hoarsely, "Not awake, right? Something happened on my brother's side before, the cell phone can't be used for the time being, tell grandma not to be anxious, I'll go back in a couple of days."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't know how he finished answering this call, he felt that his body was simply numb.
  


34. Chapter 34

  Wei Qian called back and came back a week later, true to his word.
  But he didn't walk back by himself, the old bear called a car from somewhere and drove it all the way down to his house.
  
  It was an afternoon on a hot summer's day, and SanFat was eating a late lunch alone at home: a bowl of instant noodles.
  The local TV station is broadcasting a few irrelevant news, for example - the warehouse custodian violated the drunkenness, mistakenly entered the cold storage, the shift colleague dropped the lock as usual, mistakenly locked this custodian into the cold storage and caused his death.
  Wei Zhiyuan was forced to write their own summer vacation homework of Xiaobao, scratching their ears and gills expression of pain, sometimes slipped away, raised his head to listen to this ear of news, she couldn't help but ask: "Cold storage is what?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said without looking up, "It's a big refrigerator."
  Song asked again, "Whose responsibility is that?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan revealed a cold smile: "People press the point to drop the lock, he himself overtime to enter the cold storage, of course, his own violation of the responsibility of the operation."
  Song Xiaobao couldn't understand, "Then why did he go in overtime?
------------

Reading in sections 33

Into that ...... uh ...... big fridge?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said in a double entendre, "Who knows? Probably sick."
  Song Xiaobao thought for a moment and commented, "Ugh, this is the first time I've heard that people can still freeze to death, won't he be cold if he jumps?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan finally looked up at her and turned off the TV with the remote control.
  Bao spat out his tongue and bitterly looked down to continue his homework.
  Wei Zhiyuan sized her up for a moment, wondering incredulously, "She was even born from the same mother as big brother?"
  
  It was at this time that Mr. Xiong Yingjun, who had tanned into a black and oily sheep's poop egg, stepped out of the car and stood downstairs at Wei Qian's house, first bending down to the car window to straighten his collar and hairstyle, and then stood up straight to shout at the upstairs, "Is Mr. Talk in? Is Mr. Talking Fish Talking in?"
  The window of the car next to him was pulled down and Wei Qian's voice came out from inside, his respect for his future "fortune" had been wiped out in months of unreliable trips, Wei Qian said nonchalantly, "What's the point of shouting at him? Can you die of exhaustion if you give me a hand, dumbass?"
  
  Comrade Old Bear replied in a slow, thin voice, "I accept your advice to exercise more in the future, but I'm afraid that with my current physical strength, I can't even carry a gas can up there, let alone your old man."
  
  Wei Qian's anger knotted, and after a while, he said weakly, "Don't call him by his first name, be careful he'll be in a hurry with you."
  The old bear asked in a decent and courteous manner, "Oh, and may I ask what I should call myself?"
  
  Wei Qian: "...... three fat."
  The old bear nodded, straightened up, and courteously called upstairs, "Is Mr. Three there, please?"
  
  Wei Qian in the car silently turned his head.
  
  Luckily, Three Fatty was so gifted that when he was eating lunch at home, he heard a few muffled "Mr. Three" and even understood the spirit of the words, threw down his chopsticks and poked his head out of the window: "Calling me?"
  
  Wei Qian breathlessly pushed open the car door and waved at him from downstairs, "Third Brother, come down and help me."
  
  Three Fatty squinted his small, originally small eyes, stared for a while, and then said in a shocked voice, "Shit yeah! Brothers! Qian'er! Didn't you say that you followed a 'stupid and rich fathead fish' to pour medicine? How do I look at you like with buy Buy Buy Buy Buy roast lamb kebabs to go! How did you get this color?"
  
  The "fathead fish with a lot of money and stupidity" just stood and listened without saying a word.
  
  Heard the sound of the third floor window was violently pushed to the side, open the window of the person's hand is too strong, the window "bam" hit the wall, and bounced back.
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Brother!"
  
  The teenager's voice at the stage of mutation almost broke, Wei Qian lifted his eyelids and swept him a glance, "Calling for souls?"
  
  He is no better than the old bear, the whole face has only two places that are white - the teeth and the white of the eyes, but in Wei Zhiyuan s eyes, the appearance of this black charcoal head is simply like an Aladdin s lamp, instantly lighting up his entire life ...... Of course, due to that lighted nightmare, a small shadow appeared underneath this divine lamp.
  
  Old Mrs. Song was not at home during the day, Wei Zhiyuan, Xiaobao and Sanfat rushed downstairs, and only then did they realize why Wei Qian had been sitting and not moving anywhere, and he had a cast on one leg.
  
  Three fat look, eyes are round: "This ...... this will not affect you to start school, right? Heavy or not?"
  
  Before Wei Qian had a chance to speak, Old Bear, the fat-headed fish, opened his mouth as quietly as he recited the sutra, "It won't happen, a hundred days for injuries, he probably has about fifty days left, and considering his thick skin, he should be able to take it down next month."
  
  Wei Qian stood up on one leg regarding Three Fatty's hand and waved his hand at Old Bear, "Alright, you can roll, countdown sign."
  
  The old bear said shyly, "For the sake of our lives together, take me in for a few days, let me take it easy."
  Wei Qian: "A localized earthquake at your house?"
  
  The old bear was even more shy and squirming, "See the joke, the family has a river lion, so long has not called the inner circle, my humble brother is really a little afraid that she will bite me."
  
  Three fat heard music: "Big brother, you can hide the first day to avoid the fifteenth, really fierce warrior dare to face the dismal life, or go back to the leadership kneeling rubbing board it!"
  
  The old bear smiled at him and said, "I'm not really a slugger, I'm just a 'fat-headed fish with a stupid man's money'."
  Triple Fat: "......"
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Three Fatty reacted, his face turned green, he coughed dryly and glared fiercely at Wei Qian - this kid actually didn't even mention it.
  He sank his qi and bent his leg, took a horse stance, patted his shoulder and said to Wei Qian, "You ...... ugh, come up."
  Three fat back Wei Qian, still upset and cursing said, "My broad shoulders are still a piece of virgin land, it is left to my future daughter in law, it will be cheap for you a grandson ...... alas."
  
  As he said that, he glanced down at Wei Qian's arm, trying to find some sense of superiority in his painted complexion, and scoffed, "Third Brother asked you, will you wash it later, and will the color still come off?"
  "Why can't it?" Wei Qian said coolly, "It will also shrink."
  
  He even had the mood to joke, three fat heart completely put into the stomach - visible is not seriously injured, there is a shock.
  
  The old bear, a wimpy thing, didn't have the guts to go back in the end.
  But Wei Qian's home is really no place, and Wei Qian believes that Wei Zhiyuan may be too heavy psychological shadow when he was a child, has always been a little "recognize life", for example, he looked at the old bear's eyes as if with some kind of hostility.
  So in the end the old bear went to stay at Sanfat's house - Sanfat's parents had gone out to get some goods and didn't come back at night.
  
  The two big snubs snubbed together like two contrasting black-and-white pigs, amicably going up the stairs side by side for a meeting of the minds.
  
  Wei Qian did not even eat a mouthful of rice, threw the luggage, fell down and slept in the dark, really do not move, the body does not turn over.
  
  Evening meal, Mrs. Song thought for a long time before deciding to call him up to let him eat two mouthfuls of food before going to sleep, Wei Qian is tired to a certain extent, know that someone called him, but how can not wake up, and finally by virtue of his living to endure the old bear so many days of strong will, Wei Qian walking corpse like a walker crawled up, chewing not chewing to eat hastily ate two mouthfuls of food, and crawled back to lie down the corpse.
  
  That night, Wei Zhiyuan wrote homework until one in the morning.
  
  He had originally planned to use the money from the camp to buy Xiao Bao a dress and not go himself, but now it was obvious that he would have to revise his plans; the camp was a must, otherwise his big brother wouldn't have agreed to it, and he had to make up for the extra OU homework that he had already left behind a few days earlier in one fell swoop - the teacher would have to check it out when he went over there.
  
  As for Song Xiaobao that bear girl, it seems that he does not have to worry about it for the time being. Big brother just came back, she was released from the short-lived bitter understanding of the state of the little cabbage, and cheerful, ran out in the afternoon to find classmates to play, the hands of the pocket money is not saved, light speed to buy a new skirt for themselves.
  He closed the book and sat quietly in the chair to scrutinize Wei Qian for a few moments, this bear-like appearance of his elder brother's eyes and the one in his dream that called him throbbing of course do not match, Wei Zhiyuan fixed his mind, four fingers curled up in the middle of the palm of his hand, taking turns to pinch his palm with his short trimmed fingernails.
  
  "It's just a dream, it doesn't mean anything," the newly grown teenager thought calmly, "Does he who dreams of running naked really run naked? Does he who dreams of overturning a car really have the strength to overturn a car? Impossible, if the dream is not ridiculous, no one to use the word 'dream' two words to replace the meaning of 'roll' ...... big brother this position lying for an afternoon plus a night, arm not numb? "
  
  Thinking like this, Wei Zhiyuan slowly walked over, gently boarded over Wei Qian's shoulders, carefully avoided Wei Qian's injured leg, turned him over, and moved his head between the pillows.
  Wei Qian's steady breathing wasn't disturbed at all and swept over Wei Zhiyuan's wrist, bringing up a warm little breeze.
  
  His silhouette in the darkness made Wei Zhiyuan's heart jump, panicked and retracted his hand, and lay down as a zombie next to the bedside in a neutral manner.
  Wei Zhiyuan fell into a strange state-Wei Qian's return loosened his spirit that was as tight as a zither string, and instinctively surged with a pleasurable sense of fatigue, and he should have dipped his pillow to fall asleep, but on the contrary, he was swayed by a certain indescribable exuberance, and every vein of blood was accelerated with a rushing flow through it, and quietly through the veins that dynamic warmth to his skin.
  
  How he couldn't close his eyes.
  When he looked up to the teenager next to him from a young perspective, he used to think he was tall and omnipotent, but now that admiration had vanished with the change in his perspective.
  He realized that his brother was no more than a man of flesh.
  
  And this small as ants in the multitude of mortal flesh, sunburned into a mummy of African descent, but like a beam of tornado, instantly swept away the black clouds and bitter rain in his spiritual world, and in the blink of an eye the wilderness is vast and the sky is high and the clouds are clear.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan lay on his back, picking at his own striated heartstrings, armed with a magnifying glass to find out the hidden minutiae of his mood in every crack of his bones, as if he were a third person floating in the night sky, condescendingly scrutinizing himself - still full of fear and trepidation... . the cowardly and incompetent self.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan came to the conclusion that he thought he was still too weak to need such a pillar in the spiritual world as his big brother.
  He decided that he wanted to clean out the strut for good.
  
  Yet even then, his mood still hadn't cleared up, and there was still something in his soul that was always still sticky.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's dissection of his own soul stopped here, he seemed to instinctively fear that small shadowy area that seemed to harbor the truth of that sticky feeling that lingered in him, and out of self-preservation, he sealed that small piece of truth away.
  
  It was mixed with death, a twisted, perverted, perverse and grotesque love/lust that was beyond the bottom line of what a teenager could bear.
  "The spring breeze does not understand the wind, blowing the heart of the young man", sung beautifully, but the heart of the young man, but not necessarily each is the light of the wind.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan clearly knew that he was sliding into an abyss, yet he didn't know how to stop it.
  
  Wei Qian slept this sleep, but he slept until the evening of the next day.
  He staggered to his feet amidst all sorts of worried glances from his family, his entire body thinning into a mobile clothes rack, and dug into the bathroom, casually turning on the water to try and take a shower.
  The shower in his house was very primitively constructed, just two rudimentary pipes connected to the hot water tank on one side and the tap on the other, with the tap water coming in a little faster, so every time the shower was turned on, the water was cold within ten seconds.
  
  The cool water washed Wei Qian over, and he instinctively took a step backward before remembering that he was back on the plains filled with oxygen bubbles.
  He slept until his bones were sore and aching, dangled from one leg, took a high, hasty shower, and then ate three bowls of rice in one gulp, which made him feel alive again.
  
  His hands were covered with scars from various scrapes and scratches, and he actually continued to play like a stick at the dinner table, not affecting his play at all.
  Mrs. Song sighed as she watched, rambling, "You heartless white-eyed wolf, where on earth have you gone mad? You're going to screw us over, aren't you?"
  
  Where did you go?
  
  It's kinda hard to say.
  Wei Qian in fact really did not mean to let the family anxious, he this way, but can eat all the bitter eat, can fall mold also fell.
  
  In addition to Wei Qian, the old bear also brought three people, all young and strong lads, who knows that these few lads in addition to a small six called, the other several one stuffed a strong reaction.
  Their first stop, they arrived in Qinghai's Zaoduo County, more than four thousand meters above sea level, Wei Qian is all the way to vomit over.
  
  That really spit out the bitter bile, the most serious time can not sleep the whole night, feel as if the chest is pressed by a heavy object, temples are pinched raw pain. At that time, all of his people were envious and jealous of Xiao Liu, but not two days, Xiao Liu even died.
  
  Xiaoliu in a cloud of sadness in the body times great to eat well, produced their own is the illusion of copper skin and iron bones, the night in the small hotel sparse and good bath a pass. They live in the hotel conditions are limited, hot water is also a moment without a moment, Xiao Liu first half of a hot bath, the second half into a shower.
  The night the sun went down, the temperature plummeted nearly twenty degrees, small six in the middle of the night to start a fever, he did not pay attention at first, thought it was a normal plateau reaction, couldn't bear to touch the phone and the old bear said, the old bear rolled up, the early hours of the morning to send him to the hospital, arrived to see the cerebral edema, serious, the transfer was too late, had to be rescued on the spot.
  
  In the end, there was no salvage, Xiao Liu was gone, just twenty-seven.
  Since then, Wei Qian and the others didn't need anyone to tell them to wrap themselves up like quails every day.
  
  And that's just the beginning; natural disasters are followed by man-made disasters - the old bear himself is a walking man-made disaster.
  He first took Wei Qian they turned around in the local area, test the waters like the acquisition of a bit of Cordyceps, roughly understand a market, exists in the local area, and then the old bear made a decision with a stroke of the pen - south into Tibet!
  
  At that time Wei Qian was still naive not to question the decision of this goods, thought he was another deep meaning, until in Lhasa to the south of a small town, the old bear looked at a pot, and decided to trek for the sake of this pot to go hiking, Wei Qian really realized the fact that Xiong Yingjun this man has a pit in the brain.
  
  As they moved further and further into unoccupied areas, the first thing to go was the cell phone signal, and the next to go was the cell phone.
  Halfway through that day we stopped for a break, some people ate in the car, some people got out of the car and shouted a mountain song - oh, it means peeing in the wild.
  
  Wei Qian has little appetite, just want to get off to get some air, suddenly, after the convenience of the back of the old bear pointing at them with a frightened face shouted: "Get off! Get off the car! Get off!"
  The old bear's expression was seldom so grim, and his voice was even more mournful as a broken iron pot scraped by a rotten spatula, drilling into one's ears and almost provoking a wave of urine, as the crowd of people, trained to grab their bags of valuables, opened the doors of the car and jumped down.
  
  When it was too late, Wei Qian was the last one to be yanked down by the old bear's outstretched hand, along with his life and death possessions sitting on his butt on the ground, and then all of them gasping for air, watching their car tumble off the cliff with a loud bang, gone.
  
  Later, the old bear said that as he was walking this way, he noticed that he had originally parked the
------------

Reading in sections 34

On the side of the road in the back part of the car's ground soil began to loosen, he was then a bad feeling, and hastily called out a voice, the crowd jumped the car, the car's center of gravity changed, the loose soil directly collapsed, all the way to accompany them over the off-road vehicle is so immortal.
  
  There is no village in front of you, no store behind you, and two eleven roads under your feet.
  
  Wei Qian asked sincerely, "Boss Xiong, can you reiterate for once what we're going to do by walking so miserably along this bird-damaged road?"
  Boss Bear, the son of a bitch, said with equal sincerity, "Buy the pot."
  
  Wei Qian spoke from the heart, "You're just a big dumb ass!"
  
  The big fool with a group of small fools, lost contact with the outside world, well, the Sichuan-Tibet line occasionally from Sichuan Tibetan area on foot to Lhasa pilgrimage Buddhist believers, these people have alone on the road, but also glaring tricycle pack supplies, a few people together on the road, Weiqian they hunger and cold walked for several days every day, finally Buddha blessedly encountered such a wave of Tibetans.
  
  Although the other side of the property is scarce, fixed assets is only a need to pedal a small three-wheeled, but see people is good, at least can rub a few mouths to eat, the old Tibetans experienced, but also know how to get supplies, at least it is not starving them.
  Along the way, a few of them see the car hitchhiking, meals and camping, really what the foreign sin were suffered, the old bear joked that their group, do not look at the present east and west to mix food, the future will become a great, the past to go to the west of the mouth of the Jin Merchants and Anhui and Hangzhou from the ancient road south of the Huizhou merchants, it is so to make a living.
  
  No one paid any attention to him, they all wanted to get this fathead fish killed.
  
  Later, the old bear got his wish to buy his pot - that is a kind of soapstone from the virgin peak of Namcha Barwa cliffs that no one can conquer the stone pot, the stone is very soft, fingernail can scratch out the traces, so no matter what to do can only be manually handmade, even if Weiqian was called by the old bear, "not seen the world of the Even if Wei Qian was called "a country bumpkin who has never seen the world" by Old Xiong, he could still tell that the stuff was good.
  
  Unfortunately, the local road is not accessible, when each of them hung a bunch of local villagers and the acquisition of wormwood safflower and several large pots, face to the soil back to the world weight hiking, all of them have some kind of indescribable class hatred of pots and this kind of goods.
  On the way is simply difficult to say, over the snowy mountain climbing meadow like, Wei Qian also rolled down the mountainside, the leg fell hurt.
  
  Fortunately, although Wei Qian had no faith in his heart, he had the realm of wanting money but not life, and fixed it with a splint, and dragged a wounded leg alive and followed them for another day before arriving at a place where there were people.
  Herders there and the outside world is still not much modern communication links, but the good thing is that the people are simple, took them in, there is a run Lhasa business family has a small pickup truck, but the owners are not at home, the old bear had to stay in the local small month, only to rent the car, backed up to Chengdu.
  It wasn't until he arrived in Chengdu that Wei Qian got a chance to contact his family.
  
  After staying in Chengdu for three or four days, the old bear, with an almost flip-flopping three-inch tongue, resold the stone pot for nearly ten times the price, and recouped the full cost of the trip, even with a little left over.
  
  There were also those who wanted to receive medicinal herbs, but the old bear refused, and not a single one of the herbs was sold-because those things were light and easy to carry, and he had better efficiency in bringing them back to the mainland.
  
  As soon as the pot was out of the way, they did not stay a day, but sailed back to Qinghai the same evening, took away the baggage they had deposited there, and just rolled back again and again.
  
  There are a thousand words in it, comparable to the nine hundred and eighty-one difficulties.
  However, Wei Qian faced with this family, finally, the sense of responsibility in his heart overcame his teenage nature of wanting to show off after a big disaster, he just said in an old-fashioned manner, "Nothing, the signal is not good over there, it has been unable to make a phone call, we dumped a little something, and we can sell it for a little bit of money, you're getting old, don't go out and do such a heavy job in the future. "
  


35. Chapter XXXV 

  By the third day, Weiqian's house had returned to normal.
  Although Wei Qian just came back to recuperate from his injuries, did not do anything, but his role is like a sea pin and mascot mix, as long as a poke there, everyone will be able to do what they want to do.
  
  Early in the morning, Wei Zhiyuan greetings, pack a good bag ready to go to the summer camp report, just opened the door, upstairs an enamel cup "bam" fell down, Wei Zhiyuan shrinking feet, look up.
  
  Just see upstairs three fat door stood a rather beautiful woman, is using the voice of the three fat home launched a million decibels shockwave: "Xiong Yingjun, you give me out!"
  
  The old bear locked the security door, pulled the inside door open a crack, and hid inside with a weak meow, "Husband, ma'am, rest in peace."
  
  Mrs. can not rest, eyes are angry red, the whole a big eyes and eyelids of the rabbit: "Well, you grow the ability, a go for several months, not a word, I thought you were dead! Why don't you just die outside? As soon as you come back to the little vixen home a shrink, I said Xiong Yingjun, you are not small, point face can die?
  
  Wei Qian nearly spewed out the soybean milk, and was busy walking out with one foot deep and one foot shallow, sending Wei Zhiyuan away, "Hurry up and go to school, don't pick up the music."
  Then he put his hand back on the door of his house and leaned back in the hallway, clasping his hands on his chest and listening to the "heavenly music" from upstairs with a concert-like expression of enjoyment.
  
  Seeing that outside the house is going to stage a main house to catch the third child spectacle, three fat quickly and sorrowfully squeeze the old bear to one side, pulled open the security door of his own home, said in a low voice: "Iron fan sister-in-law, count me to beg you, you look carefully, there is a long as my old pig such as the 'little vixen'? "
  
  Mrs. Bear was shocked on the spot by the big face of Sanfat that took up her entire retina, and didn't squeak for half a minute.
  
  The old bear, a goon, took the opportunity to tiptoe into the house, but was not surprised when Mrs. Bear soon discovered the intention.
  Mrs. Bear bellowed, stretched out her sharp fingernails, four-two-thousand pounds of a pickpocket away from the three fat, two steps into people's homes, caught the old bear out, rolled up his sleeves on him to a one-sided domestic violence, to catch back.
  
  Three Fatty stood in awe, empty-handed and bare-chested, simulating a hat-off action, bending down and stretching out his hands to see them down the stairs, Wei Qian couldn't help but do the same hat-off salute as Three Fatty.
  The two of them watched with delight as the old bear was dragged away alive, and said in unison, with a tacit understanding that no one else could fathom, "People are cheap!"
  
  The ...... old bear s expression of grief and indignation was inexplicable.
  
  But after two days, the old bear came back.
  He knocked on the door of Wei Qian's house, and when Wei Qian saw him, the first thing he said was, "I'm surprised you haven't been killed yet?"
  
  "......," the old bear was silent for a moment, "still alive and well, to your disappointment."
  
  Old Bear offered Wei Qian two options for him to choose from, one is Wei Qian on the basis of a fair price, a slight discount, the part of the price he received to sell to the old bear, he took the money to go away, a kind of his money as a share, the old bear uniformly sold out, and he split the profits.
  But where Wei Qian wasn't lacking in heart, he would have chosen the second one, so the old bear closed his palms and said the real purpose of his trip, "Great, anyway, you haven't started school yet, go sell medicine with me in the summer vacation."
  
  Wei Qian stretched his injured leg out in front of the old bear and asked him, "Boss Bear, feel your conscience and tell me it's still there and hasn't been taken by the dogs."
  The old bear asked with a grimace, "Don't you want to see for yourself how your long-distance traveling turns into yuan, wobbling and lining up into your account?"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  The old bear rolled his eyes, then made a new suggestion and said, "I think that Mr. San is a person who is very much in tune with me, so we can pull him along with us on the thieves' ship in the future."
  
  Wei Qian asked from the bottom of his heart, "How did you see this?"
  
  The old bear said, "I think Mr. Three is a very Zen person, look at his name - it is said that when he was a child a monk passed by his house, he had to say that he was destined to be with the Buddha, and he wanted to take him to shave his head, but only the mundane parents did not want to give it up, so they compromised a little bit and took the 'fish' character of 'wooden fish' and took the name Talking Fish."
  
  Wei Qian narrowed his eyes and listened for a while, and found that the thickness of the three fat cheeks to a higher level, actually can "phlegm" such a life-long shame of the name to this point, so he asked: "He did not tell you that his real surname 'Lin', from the The Leifeng Pagoda was smashed down when he landed on the ground?"
  The old bear said with a long sigh, "Three views do not match ah, mortal man ah ......"
  
  Wei Qian: "Go talk to your 'pro-activity' grandma."
  
  While talking, Xiao Bao happened to run back from outside, the old bear looked at her carefully, "This is your sister ah, how old is the little girl?"
  Wei Qian smoothly pressed his hand on Xiao Bao's head, "Soon to be fourteen, little earthbound grandson, not as tall as someone ten years old."
  
  "It's all right, growing late," said Old Bear, looking kindly at Xiaobao and seeing through the phenomenon to the essence, "Look at her big feet, she can't be short later."
  
  Bao vomited a good deal and froze, unable to hear whether it was a good or bad sentence.
  
  Before leaving, Wei Qian sent the old bear out, and the old bear asked in a seemingly casual manner, "Where is your brother?"
  Wei Qian said, "Went to summer camp."
  
  The old bear was silent for a moment, "Summer camp? Good learning, huh?"
  
  Wei Qian smiled hypocritically, "Where, he can't, he's just average, but slightly better than me."
  
  "Clever, well read," Old Bear shook his head as if tersely sighing for something, and said to Wei Qian, "But you have to educate well."
  Wei Qian froze, "Huh?"
  
  The old bear slowly stretched out his hand and gestured, "This sword, thin to a certain extent, all over the body will seem to be only that layer of edge, most of the ancient evil weapons and demon soldiers go this way. This kind of thing sword to go sideways, once sheathed to bring down a layer of flesh and blood. But people are not steel, if you live yourself too 'thin', it is too dangerous, easy to be blessed with a thin life also thin ......"
  
  "So what, you wait, I'm a bit uneducated," Wei Qian pulled out his ears, "Can I trouble your old man to be able to express himself in a more human language?"
  
  "...... "The old bear looked at him, the big fairy like face slowly showed an aggrieved expression, "I fucking which offended your family that little brat, actually tipped off my wife, again this, again this I can not spare him! "
  With that, the old bear walked away with murderous little steps.
  
  Wei Qian thinks Wei Zhiyuan snitching this matter, how to say? Do a little lack of virtue, but lack of virtue lack of great pleasure.
  
  But then again, since people were suing him, Wei Qian decided to show it, so when Wei Zhiyuan came home from vacation over the weekend, his big brother waved at him with his nose in the air, "Get your ass over here!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's heart jumped and he slipped and rolled over.
  
  Wei Qian put his injured leg on a low table, "snapped" and lit a cigarette, and asked Wei Zhiyuan in a tone of "confessing to leniency and resisting severity": "Tell me yourself, what have you done? "
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's mind went blank at that time, instinctively thinking that it was the incident at the meat processing plant that had been discovered.
  
  His first thought, however, was not what would happen to him, not whether there would be police/cops coming to arrest him, not whether he would be guilty of anything - but what would he do if his big brother knew.
  Will Big Brother think he's scheming? Does he think he's scary? Will he think he's raising a hateful brat around him?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately panicked, his face "brush" a white.
  
  Wei Qian didn't expect him to react that much and froze, reflecting for a moment and realizing that he really didn't say anything heavy either.
  He coughed dryly and rolled his eyes, making himself sound less fierce: "Tell me about you, how old are you, huh? Still do this kind of thing, do also do it, but also let people know sued to me ...... cough, of course, does not mean that do not let people find out is right!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's drifting sanity finally came back to him bit by bit - right, big brother called him over in that tone just now, how could it be something big?
  Besides, although the man in the warehouse is dead, the door was locked by the shift worker, the man walked in by himself, and what he did was just to buy some wine with that guy's money, not to mention that he had already been cleaned up and no one would investigate, and even if someone had investigated the causes and consequences clearly, who could convict him based on this alone?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was shaken loose heart back to the cage, back to the state of iron heart.
  
  Glancing at Wei Qian, Wei Zhiyuan viciously spat on his own squareness in his heart.
  
  The little teenager's heart was like a sea, calm and unruffled on the surface, always seemingly rational and serene, but inside it contained a great rebellion and a rising and falling restlessness, permanently balanced on a dangerous, touch-and-go tipping point.
  
  In such a sea of mind, Wei Zhiyuan thought: what can brother know? Anyway, he swore that he would take good care of his big brother for the rest of his life, and what he had, he would give to his big brother, even if his big brother wanted his life, he also regarded it as a return of the grace of raising him back then, and cleared the air.
  So what does it matter what Big Brother thinks of him?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan deceived himself and thought, "I'm like this anyway, it doesn't matter what others think of me."
  
  But on the surface to Wei Qian, Wei Zhiyuan still maintained his usual good behavior and admitted his mistake with good grace, "I was wrong, next time I will definitely make an anonymous call."
  "Bah!" Wei Qian stood his ground as a parent and ensured his outward disapproval, while, at the same time, secretly expressing his inner preference and deciding to give Wei Zhiyuan a reward.
  
  He hopped up on one leg and put his arm around Wei Zhiyuan's shoulder, slowing down his tone and saying, "Tell grandma not to cook later, let's go out to eat."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked natural and didn't seem to have the slightest abnormality, but the palm holding Wei Qian's waist was drenched in sweat.
  
  The last month of the summer vacation, Wei Qian and three fat followed the old bear east and west to talk about business many times.
  
  Wei Qian realized that the old bear is definitely not as bearish as he showed, his road is very wide, hand what business are stained - associated with their Northwest line of understanding, although everyone's purpose is to pour medicine, the road is not affected by the final goal, as long as you can make money, see the business opportunities, what money is pouring what.
  
  The old bear's eastward and westward thrusts don't seem to be in the headless
------------

Reading in sections 35

Flies are bouncing around like flies, but are instead accumulating and figuring out what's going on.
  
  When he's not doing anything, Wei Qian still likes to soak in Old Bear's pharmacy, occasionally dealing with a few customers, mostly gossiping, and occasionally squeezing Old Bear with Three Fatty.
  The old bear can hold a boat in his belly and does not see eye to eye with their youngsters.
  
  Chatting about the old bear died to buy pot that thing, three fat can not help but ask: "Boss bear, you say that we Qian'er this kind of money-minded poor people also even if, your old man's family is big, how also so playful to do it?"
  The old bear said leisurely, "Of course it's for profit. The so-called businessman is a person who earns profits by taking certain risks, you admit it, right? Taking risks and making careful choices are the basic skills of a businessman."
  
  Wei Qian split the stage on the spot, "Forgive me for being blind, I can see your ability to take risks, as well as pulling people into the pirate ship to take risks with you, and the rest is too subtle to see."
  
  The old bear commented on his opinion in short bursts, "Hair is long and short."
  Sanfat suddenly shook his bushel fan and laughed so hard that the bed of his teeth showed.
  Wei Qian decides to get his half-length hair, which is running in the direction of a beastly artist, cut in time for the start of the school year.
  
  "In the first place, but you are dead to get on this thief ship of mine, Mr. Xiao Wei Zi you don't turn black and white ah. Besides, you should thank me, I pull you on this thief ship is a real Noah's Ark," the old bear big words a knock on the table, began to deliver a personal speech, "I tell you, the next ten years is a what kind of decade it. First of all, labor-intensive industries do not have any future, like those what ...... to open a restaurant, do manufacturing, do OEM, that is not good, they can only be squeezed in the day-to-day peer competition and rising labor prices have no room for survival."
  
  "For example, you," the old bear pointed at SanFat, "Third student, that idea of yours of opening a hot pot store and selling pork, you'd better throw it away, that thing of yours is barely enough to make ends meet, but it's too tough to do well, and you won't be able to do much good with your IQ."
  
  Three Fatty was struck on the ideal level of life and looked at Boss Bear dumbfounded.
  
  "Technology-intensive enterprises ...... Oh, what literature and art, high precision, all count, they are much more vital than the former, so it is good to go to college, knowledge and technology can indeed change fate," the old bear swept Wei Qian, aggravated the tone, said. "However, the spring of technology-intensive enterprises is still halfway so far, our whole society didn't have time to get to that level, maybe ten years later, we will cultivate the hotbed of technology industry, but not now, it's still budding, during the next ten years, this kind of industry will stumble and grow under a kind of monopolized shadow, it's easy for you to mix up with the middle class in it, and you also might get ahead, but the latter will take time."
  
  Wei Qian closed his mouth and listened carefully to Old Bear's words.
  The old bear picked up the teacup, drank a mouthful, and barred his mouth hard: "Only capital-intensive industries, that is the true high-end will not decline in the next decade, one or two people, several hundred million, billions of dollars of the project, you can pry, what is the realm of that? You hand a steady flow of cash flow through, your brain will simply have no 'earn money' two words this kind of petty bara concept. But one, this kind of industry has a natural high threshold, is that you first have to first have capital, the original accumulation of capital is a wickerwork process, than you later do everything is more difficult, you ride on my ark, is the same as taking the shortcut to the original accumulation, understand? Tsk, uneducated little brat."
  
  San Fatty elbowed Wei Qian, "Qian'er, what he means is that it's as lucky as winning the lottery for you to follow him in life and death for once."
  Wei Qian said, "Yes, why do you think I didn't use this rare bit of luck on buying lottery tickets?"
  
  Old Bear looked askance at Wei Qian, his expression sinking slightly, "But I admit my mistake, I was a bit misjudging the form this time, misjudging the risk, especially I can't help Xiao Liu, unfortunately, there's not much left in their family, otherwise I can still make up for it."
  
  At the mention of Xiao Liu, all three were silent for a moment, and San Fat, the only one not involved, sighed, "Brothers don't have this life."
  
  Old Bear lit a cigarette and stuck it upside down in the ashtray, letting the wisps rise on their own, as if they were sticks of incense.
  Three fat and Wei Qian glanced at each other, suddenly felt a little affectionate - the two of them in the big acacia tree to commemorate the hemp, also so upside down a cigarette.
  
  The old bear said to Wei Qian, "In fact, I didn t want to take you at first, you this person ......"
  Wei Qian: "It doesn't fit with your three views."
  
  The old bear rolled his eyes, Wei Qian and his life and death, said life-long friendship is not too much, a lot of words he no longer have scruples, so he said bluntly: "Your first time on my store, methodical not hemp claw, I would have thought that you are a talented person, the fact is that you are indeed, bold and smart will grasp the opportunity - -But that time I gave you five thousand dollars, you really then ah?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Oh, so you don't really want to give it?"
  "Not ......" the old bear choked, "I don't mean that, more than you deserve, you have to at least push back, right?"
  
  Wei Qian: "You won't give if I push?"
  Old Bear: "Will still give."
  
  Wei Qian rolled his eyes, "You're sick, aren't you Comrade Xiong Yingjun?"
  The old bear sighed: "You have to know, at your age, opportunity, vision and insight and experience is the most important, always focusing on so two dollars for what? Money is temporary, long-term? I told you that money is water, the more you clutch the less, do you believe it?"
  
  Poverty, originally Wei Qian's scales, however, at this time his account has been six or seven million dollars in assets, at the time is not a small property, miraculously ...... his attitude towards this scales also unconsciously relaxed a little, and even able to laugh at themselves as if to get the desktop and discuss it with people.
  
  Wei Qian laughed: "You don't stand around talking without pain, who doesn't know how to talk about axioms? Don't I know that money is a son of a bitch? You are a rich second generation wearing gold and silver, don't come to this set with us little people. If you also have an old man and a young man, and have lived the kind of days where you ate the first meal without the next meal, and were strapped for cash at all times, you also have to be like me, penny by penny card."
  
  The old bear pinched Wei Qian's face with both hands and pulled his eyelids down: "You roll back your eyes - who are we standing around talking without a pain in the back? Your brother and I are the generation before the reform and opening up, you go home and ask your old lady, what did we have when we were young? Our family was so poor that we couldn't cook, and when I was ten years old and followed my father to risk killing his head to go to sea, you little bastards still don't know in which monkey mountain to pull the flag."
  
  He was telling the truth, Wei Qian and San Fatty didn't squeak.
  
  "Hair is long, you are hair is long, you are short." The old bear hated and said, "It is not poverty and material deprivation that hurts people, it is contrast, contrast understand? You are always looking at others, anxiety in the heart, no bottom."
  
  San Fatty remembered the assholes Wei Qian had done and immediately clapped his hands in praise, "Qian'er, Brother Xiong is right!"
  
  Wei Qian waved his hand: "What you say is nonsense, deep in the mountains and old forests of those seventy years old monks, one by one, they are more thoughtful than you, if you have the ability to compare with others to sit in zazen to go. What's wrong with my ignorance? What's wrong with my anxiety? I'm a young man who rolled out of the mud, what do I take as my backbone? Selling my body? It's really the most annoying old men like you who are strict with others and lenient with yourselves."
  
  After thinking about it, San Fatty seemed to think it made sense, so he immediately fell back, "Brother Xiong, Qian'er is right!"
  Wei Qian and Old Bear gave him a look at the same time, ignoring the wallflower.
  
  In September, Wei Qian finally left Old Bear's store briefly and reported to school, after a military training, more than a month of hard to white back a little skin and light speed black back, carrying luggage home bumped into the three fat, three fat pointing at him with a smile that can not see the teeth: "Come on, brother, quickly sing a guillotine case for my brother, your look, no need to put on make-up, stick a crescent moon will be 'night judgment of yin, day judgment of yang'!"
  
  And Wei Zhiyuan went to junior high school and began to show his more inhuman side, the first year in the first year, the second year he jumped into the junior high school focus class.
  As if to verify the words of the old bear, he really grows more and more "thin", after the realization of Weiqian finally pay attention to him, Weiqian found that the child does not speak or laugh, calm eyes like hiding two sharp knife, only at home, but also still like before, as understanding and attentive.
  
  But Wei Zhiyuan knew to play dumb and sell cute when he was a child, but at that time, he could still see the shape, but now, Wei Qian is somewhat unable to feel it.
  
  Only occasionally at the dinner table, the whole family on the size of the TV news in the small and medium-sized gossip, Wei Qian can only from Wei Zhiyuan's words, listen to a little bit of unintentionally exposed, radical traces to.
  
  There was also the fact that Wei Zhiyuan didn't love clinging to him anymore - of course, when a boy grows up to a certain age, this is supposed to be a necessary step, Wei Qian used to find it annoying for the little cub to be clingy, but now he suddenly felt lost.
  And Wei Zhiyuan is actually more than just "unglued" to him.
  
  One day, Xiaobao glimpsed that the arithmetic paper Wei Zhiyuan was using was the school's notice about the winter long-distance running competition and casually asked about it.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan shook his head, "I don't want to participate, don't sign up."
  He said politely, but in fact, he thought in his heart, running around a thing in a circle is something only a donkey would do, it's stupid, he won't go.
  
  Fortunately, the words on his mouth sounded very polite, Song Xiaobao took his words and continued, "I remember when my brother was in junior high school seemed to participate, as if he also took a second prize ...... Hey, is it the second or the third to come? Can't remember."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's penny dropped.
  
  Half a month later, Xiaobo saw the certificate and prize book of the "First Prize of the Winter Long-distance Running Competition" on his desk.
  Song Xiaobao grew to this age, late maturity of the mind finally keep up with the average level, she did not stupid enough to open her mouth to ask Wei Zhiyuan not before that do not want to participate, only in the heart secretly searching for: the second brother this is and big brother than?
  
  Wei Qian spent his college life in peace, selectively ignoring the old bear's words of caution, "Don't be money-minded", and accepting the part that "everything can be poured" - from small phone cards at school to large medical equipment sales with the old bear. -From the smallest phone card in school to the largest medical equipment he sells after the old bear, he is not idle all day long.
  
  Other people's spare time is "playing soccer, playing and falling in love", Wei Qian's spare time is "selling things, selling things, selling a lot of things".
  
  Wei Zhiyuan also seems to have become a dormant volcano, has been holding Wei Qian a heart and soul, but also has been honestly study well every day, no one to stimulate him, he did not do anything out of the ordinary.
  Of course, out of the ordinary or not just Wei Qian did not know.
  
  Wei Qian ten days eight days follow the old bear in the outside or live in the school, busy can not wait a week to go home to see.
  And whenever he came home, sleep would turn into torture for Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  As Wei Zhiyuan grows up little by little, his height catches up with and even vaguely exceeds that of his elder brother, a certain indescribable restlessness becomes more and more difficult to ignore.
  That small piece of shadow that had been locked away in the deepest recesses of his heart as a teenager grew thicker and more pervasive.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan instinctively resisted, but day by day he could not resist that indescribable thirst and anxiety.
  
  Well, at this time, that is, Wei Qian's senior year of college, everything seems to be as if it is the best of all possible worlds, their city's cancerous shantytowns have finally been rectified, and they are going to move out from here.
  


36. Chapter 36 

  The old town, what a nice place, although a bunch of small twisted alley, but out of the city center, easy to go anywhere.
  Therefore, there are a lot of people, nail households will be lined up into a "human" word will be lined up into a "one" word, so that the demolition office has rolled some bed of nails, and almost peeled off a layer of skin, before finally these people are smooth.
  
  The old neighborhoods get a not insignificant amount of compensation.
  
  The three fat family and Wei Qian have discussed, in the old bear's urging, they looked at a good lot of three suites, just a staircase of three - the rest of the two of them intend to leave the hemp mother, she is a disabled person, what are inconvenient, there must be someone close to the care of the good.
  
  The new house side, was the old bear's wife took over all the responsibility, three fat parents will often go over, three fat and Weiqian simply as a shirker, do not look at.
  
  The old bear's wife is a quite puzzling people, her character is like a ready to run to the moon to ascend to the sky of the two-kicked foot, fiery, especially to treat the old bear, often scratching the ear wring meat domestic violence a lot of ...... Of course, the old bear this lying ear is a willing to fight a willing to suffer - -She is like the "Dream of the Red Chamber" in the Wang Xifeng, but wherever you see a little can show her ability to do things, are busy to come forward, heavy meddling to their own body to take responsibility.
  
  She is also as clean and thorough as her person.
  Wei Qian one day by the way, went over to take a look, was half-finished to a shock, like him such as five-star hotels and pigsties like living people also have to admit that sister-in-law bear's taste is up to standard.
  
  All the signs that the bear sister-in-law this person is likely to be well-educated, and such a character and ability are not resting on the family's woman, actually do not know how, bizarrely do the old bear's full-time housewife - really, the old bear's family is really nothing to full-time, the two sides of the elderly do not need to bother them, the household chores please someone to do, and the The two families have been married for ten years and have no children, Mrs. Xiong day and night at home do not know what to do, have to be idle to egg pain can not be.
  
  Sanfan had once wondered why she didn't work or want children, and was stopped by Weiqian, who had grown up impatient to pry into people's family's cockamamie business.
  
  Everything was progressing well on sister-in-law Xiong's side, but not so well for Wei Qian and the others.
  
  This day three fat ran to Wei Qian's home, Wei Qian also rare early home which did not go, the two are mainly for the purpose of calculating what to do with the hemp mother.
  
  The two of them, after a few years of hard times, and then following the old bear, did run around and make small savings, yet from start to finish, they kept the promise they made to speak to the dead.
  Asako mom did not short of a bite to eat and wear, always someone to take care of, New Year's festivals, must be three fat and Wei Qian took turns to take her to their own homes.
  
  But a godson, no matter how close he is, is not his own son.
  
  Six or seven years, her ugly son hemp did not go home to see a glance, in addition to remittances home, only occasionally send a few letters. The handwriting is childish and ridiculous, crooked, and the words are just words, every time Wei Qian read to her, she felt that she did not have time to hear the taste!
------------

Reading in Sections 36

Come on, it's gone.
  
  However, the method of forging letters has been getting worse and worse, and with the popularity of cell phones and the ease of communication over the past few years, Asako's mom sometimes always wondered why her son, who went out to run his business and gave her so much money every time, didn't install a phone himself.
  Every time she rambled on about this to Wei Qian and the others, she could make those two boys break out into a back cold sweat.
  The good thing is, lately she has stopped mentioning it.
  
  Now the old house is about to be demolished, Ma Zi mother is not surprisingly reluctant to go, even though the two have taken turns to blow the new home, she still can not give up - Ma Zi mother said she was afraid to move away after her son came back to find home.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pushed the door in, found three fat and Wei Qian stood on the window, a person in the hands of a cigarette, a person leaned against the side of the window, together looking at the direction of the big acacia tree, than the silence of the race.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suddenly saw Wei Qian and hesitated at the door, "Third ...... brother, why did you come back?"
  
  He broke the silence with a voice, and only then did Sanfat move, looked back up at the big lad, and said painfully, "Qian'er, what did our brother let you feed him, and how did he grow up to be a big houseliner?"
  Wei Qian was annoyed in his heart, and casually pinched the cigarette on the window sill: "The beams of the room are also stronger than you grow into a big door plate - you ...... alas, forget it, I will go and talk to her again."
  
  Finished, he walked quickly down the stairs, hemp mom is sitting under the big acacia tree cool, her face is still bumpy, just but middle-aged, eyes have been cloudy, flooded with the kind of old people sullen twilight.
  Seeing him coming, Asako's mom looked up and smiled at him, "Ken-er."
  
  "Aunt." Wei Qian walked over, picked up his pants leg and squatted beside her, while mentally pondering over the wording, he really had run out of words, but whatever he could think of he had said, and to say more would be a cartwheel.
  Wei Qian really a little collapse, he is busy every day feet, his new home only hurriedly look at a glance and can no longer find the work, but also day and night to combat the spirit, to come with hemp mother back and forth.
  
  If someone else he would have jumped his feet and anxious, but the hemp mom ...... Wei Qian squatted on the ground aggrieved, smiled bitterly, and had to hold his nose and endure.
  He said to Ma Zi's mom, "I don't understand, what's so good about living in this hellhole, a new house is better than this one?"
  
  Asako's mom slowly lowered her eyes and looked at him tenderly.
  
  Wei Qian continued, "I think you think too much, hemp son are so grown-ups, not three or five-year-old cubs, come back even if he really can not find home, he can not ask with whom to inquire about it? I ......"
  
  Pocky's mom suddenly asked, "Did Auntie get you and San'er into trouble?"
  
  More than trouble, simply troublesome to death ah! Wei Qian complained in his heart, he is in order to this special hurry back, before dinner also have to clean himself out of a person to follow the old bear to act as a follower, overnight to catch the train to look at a project in the field.
  Wei Qian a breath clogged in his throat, bitter bile is almost turned up from the stomach, in the end, still raw and squeezed out a smile, "Will not ...... how will that be?"
  
  Asako mom looked at him for a moment, suddenly and unexpectedly he loosened his mouth, she said, "That ...... that or forget it, aunt really did not mean to give you trouble, I am old, I have lived here for most of my life, suddenly let me move, I reacted a bit axial, and for a moment I could not break my teeth. "
  
  Wei Qian heard the strings of her tone of relief, simply ecstatic, did not think that he several times three times actually can really move heaven and earth, so that the hemp mother of this old stubborn loose tongue, busy while the iron is hot, asked: "Auntie, then you are willing to move?"
  
  Asako's mom avoided his gaze and hung her head for a moment before giving a small nod, "Then let's move."
  
  Wei Qian was relieved for a moment, busy standing up from the ground: "OK! That's no problem, tomorrow I'll ask my third brother to take you to sign the contract to receive the compensation, right? Aigoo my dear aunt, you can kind of nod your head, otherwise I would really have to kneel down for you."
  
  Asako's mom said, "I'll leave later, I want to see the old neighborhood again, can you push me around?"
  She only had one arm that was strong enough to push herself out of the yard in a wheelchair, but not for long distances.
  
  Wei Qian knelt down on one knee without saying a word: "Push what, I'll carry you!"
  
  He carried Ma Zi mother slowly walked through every dirty little alley, is still bustling, is still full of running cubs, just the last generation of cubs have grown up, running downstairs to play has changed a batch; is still parked bicycles, everywhere you can see illegal pergola, with their own balconies to change the residents of the kiosk; is still the tree in the summer will never stop dropping the green oil of the "hanging ghost" of the old locust tree. The old acacia tree, which is a "hangman", is still there in the summer.
  
  Wei Qian walked and talked to make Asako s mom happy, such as which intersection he and Asako teamed up to clean up the three fat people back then, and how the three people later met each other and laughed off their feuds, such as where ...... the old doughnut stand of their family was originally located Suddenly, a drop of cold liquid landed on Wei Qian s neck, causing him to steeply stop his mouth.
  
  A succession of tears then fell on Wei Qian's neck and face, and a suppressed hoarse whimper came from behind him.
  
  Wei Qian's footsteps lurched, and at that moment, he just wanted to give himself a big mouthful.
  The flawed lie they both spent six or seven years making up was finally punctured after countless precarious moments.
  
  He should have been able to realize that the first time he heard Asako's mom say that.
  How can a living person not find a home?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had been watching from the window.
  He saw Asako's mom's scarred face, and when she cried, the scars were so red that they became more and more frightening. When big brother wasn't home, Wei Zhiyuan had brought her meals, and every time she went over, she was attentive enough to grab a handful of candy or small snacks and put them in his pocket-even though he wasn't little anymore.
  What Wei Zhiyuan felt from her every time was a kind of resigned woodenness, and almost a lowly curtsey, as if even staying with him for five minutes to say a few more words would be good.
  
  She was so lonely and stoic, Wei Zhiyuan had never seen Asako's mom cry so bitterly.
  
  And her tears fell on Wei Qian's face as if he had cried too.
  But Wei Zhiyuan knew that big brother would not cry. He saw some sort of heart-on-sleeve restraint in his big brother's clenched teeth and deep eyes.
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't know why, but when he saw that side face, the hot blood in his heart seemed to suddenly reverse its flow, warmly flowing across his entire chest, soaking his heart to the point where it was almost flaccid.
  
  For three years now, whenever he was near his big brother, Wei Zhiyuan would feel that sticky feeling around him that made him sick and anxious lingering, and in the light of this moment, that sticky feeling had miraculously dissipated. He kept staring at Wei Qian as he put the sobbing Asako's mom back into her wheelchair and pushed her into the small courtyard of the Asako's house until she was out of sight.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was lost for a moment - he had always tried to imitate and surpass his big brother, so as to reduce his nervousness about being close to him, and he had never really looked forward to his big brother's return home, because that person was always in front of his eyes, and it would disturb his rare peace of mind. At this moment, Wei Zhiyuan's heart suddenly felt something close to "longing", even though Wei Qian had just been in front of his eyes, and he desperately wanted to have a few calm words with his big brother, and wanted to let himself get a little bit closer to him, to listen to what he was thinking.
  
  The hunting fire that had been blazing in his chest seemed to have suddenly stripped away its bossiness, weakened and slowed down, and became a warm fire, spreading a certain kind of dark and gentle, twisting and turning sentiment.
  
  Wei Qian soon returned and threw himself on his back onto the bed, sighing heavily first.
  After a few moments, there was a movement next to him, and Wei Zhiyuan sat down beside him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan casually took the knife and apple on the table and carefully peeled the apple and handed it to Wei Qian: "Brother, why are you so nice to Aunt Doughnut, she's not your real mom either."
  Wei Qian took it and the corners of his mouth tugged, "Which so much why, no why."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "How could it not be why?"
  
  Wei Qian paused, "Do you remember your hemp brother ......?"
  Wei Zhiyuan nodded.
  
  The apple is not big, Wei Qian bite nibbled off a small half, cheeks bulging a good big piece, just inside is growing wisdom teeth, chewing things is very awkward, for a while before swallowing, and then he said to Wei Zhiyuan: "At the beginning of the death is me, you hemp brother, even if you smash pots and pans, but also you and Xiaobao will be brought up."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan curled one of his long legs up to rest on the edge of the bed, and peacefully lowered his head to scrutinize Wei Qian's brow, sensing a hint of unusual meaning coming from it, and he almost wanted to reach out and touch it.
  The teenager thought to himself, "Why are you being so nice to me too? I'm not your real brother either.
  
  But this he didn't ask, it turned around in his mind and finally dissipated into his limbs.
  
  Wei Qian, however, suddenly remembered something as if he rolled over and sat up from the bed, holding the apple in his mouth and freeing his hand, he carried over a bag and beckoned to Wei Zhiyuan, "Come."
  
  When he finished, he glanced toward the hut, "Bao isn't home, is he?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Their school dance team went to practice."
  
  "What the hell is the dance team ...... Her little mind can t be used in the right place." Wei Qian frowned, obviously hearing about this organization, quite dissatisfied, but quickly threw it aside and handed the bag to Wei Zhiyuan, "Open it and take a look."
  
  It was a computer bag, Wei Zhiyuan had seen it long ago, he hesitantly glanced at Wei Qian and carefully opened it, only to see a brand new laptop inside.
  
  Wei Qian sat on the chair with his legs crossed and said, "Aren't you going to participate in that computer competition? Your teacher called me yesterday, saying that it's particularly inconvenient for you to run to the school computer room all the time - why didn't you tell me about it? In the future, if you lack anything, just tell me straight, what am I making money for?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled, and he bowed his head a little embarrassed like a real child, his fingertips rubbing the glossy lid of the computer preciously.
  
  Wei Qian looked down at his watch, "Ouch no, I have to go, don't give it to Xiaobao to play with, and better yet, don't let her see it either, she's enough of a plaything to lose her mind, do you hear me?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Thank you brother."
  
  That day Wei Zhiyuan had been seeing Wei Qian get his carry-on luggage, not forgetting to carry a book with him, striding to the intersection and hailing a cab to go.
  The teenager stood there, reminiscing about his party, as if trying to make sense of it, to understand it properly, yet he soon gave up.
  
  How can it be considered thumping if it doesn't come inexplicably?
  
  By the end of the solar calendar, when Wei Qian was being tormented by the opening report together with a pending project at Old Bear's end, they moved into a new home together, and Wei Zhiyuan finally got his own room.
  
  When Mrs. Song pushed the door in for the first time, she was just like Liu Lou Lou who entered the Grand View Garden, she had never lived in such a beautiful home in her life and was so formal that she didn't know where to put her hands and feet.
  
  Mrs. Song's whole body seemed to be split, and she asked as if she was sleepwalking, "Is this our home? Is this where we're going to live from now on?"
  A moment later, he also scolded Wei Qian cross-eyed: "I think that bastard is purely a bit of money burned! Only a few days after having a full stomach, his tail is up in the sky! This has to spend how much money ah this defeat of the life of the bastard things, how he did not simply buy a king's residence to live ah? He's just earned three or two dates of money, tsk tsk, the three worlds of the Yang Shi are not going to be able to accommodate him!"
  
  This time the three brothers together silently ignored her joyful cursing.
  
  On the one hand, to celebrate the housewarming, on the one hand, but also to thank the bear sister-in-law out of the force, three fat and Wei Qian two families together invited the old bear two families a meal, eat halfway to realize, that day happens to be the bear sister-in-law's birthday.
  So at night three fat and Wei Qian and accompanied sister-in-law Xiong birthday to go, sister-in-law Xiong a phone call called a large group of young people, a group of people to a nearby club to pack a box.
  
  Bear sister-in-law called in most of the people are young girls, not only ordinary young girls, these girls essence are different from others, sensei is stunning features or more average-looking, with some kind of indescribable artistic temperament, especially pleasing to the eye, the three fat this disgraceful fat look at the eyes are straight.
  
  The old bear wife, a group of beauty in front of the eyes, he did not even dare to raise his head, eyes watching the nose and mouth sitting on the side of Zen.
  
  Three Fatty: "Boy, where does sister-in-law know so many beautiful women?"
  Old Bear whispered to tell them, "Your sister-in-law used to be in the Cultural Workers' Corps, and these are the little girls she brought up."
  
  "Before"? Old Bear didn't say why it wasn't now, and Wei Qian didn't inquire, his gaze couldn't help but fall on one of the girls.
  
  She ...... that girl was beautiful radiantly beautiful, and that beauty was not girlish cuteness, nor schoolgirl intellectualism and innocence, but a pure, unadulterated feminine beauty.
  
  Some girls are reminiscent of the sister next door, some girls are reminiscent of a certain critter, some girls are reminiscent of a certain style of painting, but this girl doesn't remind anyone of anything, and when she's standing there, she just really makes you feel that this is a woman.
  
  Bear's sister-in-law was as discerning as a torch, and noticed it with a glance of her eyes, secretly elbowing Old Bear: "Hey, look."
  The old bear thought that the test of the organization had come, and hastened to make his position clear in fear: "I don't look."
  
  Sister-in-law Xiong pinched him, "I let you look at Wei, you found no, since Tingting came in, Wei that eyes have not even swept other people a glance - hey hey, I ask you, he does not have a date, right?"
  
  The old bear was so worried that he said to his wife with a long sigh, "Why are you obsessed with matchmaking again, my aunt?"
  
  "Accumulating virtue, accumulating virtue, do you understand?" After finishing her speech, Mrs. Xiong raised her voice and greeted the girl, "Tingting, come here, I'll introduce you to someone!"
  
  Tina answered, getting up from the pile of girls and walking over.
  It was only then that Three Fatty came back to his senses from the dazzling beauties, and at first glance, when he saw Tingting, he froze for a moment, and then his eyes widened, and he immediately uttered a voice to stop it, "Sister-in-law, don ...... t."
  
  But sister-in-law Xiong has quickly pulled over Wei Qian: "This is sister-in-law used to work together, called Ting Ting, this is Wei, Wei Qian, your brother-in-law brought, Ting Ting sister told you, this young man can be powerful, young talent, or brand-name university, looks handsome, right? You young people get to know each other more ......"
  
  Wei Qian (idiom); modest
------------

Reading in sections 37

With a jerk of her hand, Mrs. Bear looked up uncertainly, only to find his face white.
  
  Tina greeted him in a friendly manner, "Hello."
  
  Wei Qian's expression, however, was as if he had seen a ghost, he fixed his mind and barely maintained his demeanor, squeezing out a smile at Tingting before apologizing quickly, "Sister-in-law I've had a bit too much to drink today, my stomach isn't too comfortable, I have to go out and sober up."
  
  After saying that, he ran away as if he were fleeing.
  
  Three Fatty let out an "ouch" and immediately chased after him.
  
  Wei Qian rushed all the way to the toilet, backhandedly locked the door to the cubicle, and grasped the toilet bowl and vomited.
  SanFat was busy knocking on the door outside, "Qian'er? Is Qian'er alright?"
  
  Wei Qian didn't reply, he threw up everything he could, and finally, almost exhausted, he slowly sat down along the wall.
  
  Three Fatty heard his voice come out low and weak, "It's alright Third Brother, you let me rest myself."
  Three Fatty retracted his hand, not daring to squeak, and waited quietly outside the cubicle.
  
  Wei Qian propped his elbows on his knees and raised his head, his eyelids blinking as he looked at the blinding white light on the roof, feeling empty and sad.
  
  He didn't know Ting Ting and had never seen the girl anywhere, and the moment she walked in, Wei Qian had a feeling of being struck.
  He didn't have time to react to where the déj„1¤7vu in her came from, he was just instinctively attracted to her - Wei Qian had never been so interested in a member of the opposite sex in his entire life, from the physical to the psychological.
  
  At that moment Wei Qian suddenly realized that he would only be attracted to one type of girl, and before he could figure out which type this girl belonged to, Sister-in-Law Xiong took it upon herself to call her forward.
  
  And when she walked in, the vague floral scent of her body rushing at him in a dark current, and pursed her lips in a smile, Wei Qian simply had trouble describing his feelings.
  He came face to face with understanding where the déj„1¤7vu in her came from.
  Her pure femininity, unaffected by any demeanor or even beauty of appearance, was surprisingly similar to his mom, who had died ten years ago.
  
  The surging hormones in his young body hadn't had time to cool down yet, Wei Qian's heart had already been dragged into an icy abyss, and he didn't want to recall at all how he had coped with it imperfectly afterward, how he had endured it all the way to the restroom before throwing up.
  
  He had touched his lingering floating nightmare and didn't know how to face it anyway.
  
  That day Wei Qian does not remember how he returned home, he was not drunk, just tired, so tired that he opened the door to the home, did not have time to go back to the house, paralyzed on the sofa, do not want to think about anything, fell down and wanted to sleep.
  
  A few moments later, the bedroom door behind him opened with a squeak, and Wei Zhiyuan walked out.
  "Brother?" He knelt on the edge of the couch and gently pushed Wei Qian.



37. Chapter XXXVII 

  Wei Qian did not open his eyes, but only answered him very softly.
  
  Sister-in-law Xiong installed a chic reading lamp on the sofa, Wei Zhiyuan reached out and unscrewed it, and the warmth of the light sprinkled down, covering the entire sofa.
  It is not harsh, not yellow, like a winter afternoon sunshine, to create "add a point of artifice, short of a point of insufficiency," just the right amount of comfort.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan or the first time to turn on this light, fumble two times to find the switch, and then he froze for a moment - the light wonderfully in Wei Qian body set a light golden edge, even he did not have time to remove the scarf seems to soften into a ball of snow, hiding half of the chin.
  Wei Qian turned his face sideways, reaching out to block his eyes to avoid the light, the shadow of that arm and the slender eye brows together, as if it had been about to disappear into the raven-feathered sideburns.
  
  The Chinese rhythm is restrained, and the flow of light is hidden.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's heart violently jumped up, has always been, longing and reason have become entrenched in his heart two lingering forces, the latter has a million kinds of reasoning, and the former only one of its - want to, like, cut off like a broken heart.
  At this time, Wei Zhiyuan felt that the millions of reasons in his chest are collapsing, Kan only a pillar like a lone lighthouse, stagnant and immobile light fell on a person.
  
  The teenager's throat moved involuntarily for a while before he pressed down his heaving heart and pushed Wei Qian a bit, whispering, "Go sleep inside, it's cold."
  
  Wei Qian pressed his hand and shook his head breathlessly.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan surveyed his face, "Brother are you drunk? Let me get you a glass of water, okay?"
  Wei Qian shook his head again, his brows gradually furrowing, and only after a while did he take a deep breath, half-open his eyes, glanced at Wei Zhiyuan, and waved his hand, saying, "Don't worry about me, you go to sleep."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him fixedly, "What's wrong with you?"
  
  Wei Qian was silent for a while, he felt exhausted and didn't want to say a word, especially not to deal with small children.
  But perhaps it was too hard in his heart, or perhaps the wine got to his head, Wei Qian suddenly averted his gaze, and Wei Zhiyuan was surprised to find a flash of vulnerability on his face.
  
  Wei Qian said hoarsely, "I'm having a bit of a hard time."
  After saying this, he regretted it, Wei Qian felt the floodgates of his heart being slipped by him for a moment, actually opening a small crack, he hastily and laboriously plugged it back up, lest he reveal another strand.
  
  He closed his mouth and his eyes and stopped speaking, pretending that he was just dizzy and drunk and wanted to sleep.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan waited for a while, regrettably did not wait for any follow-up expression, so silently walked into Wei Qian's bedroom, carried out a blanket from inside, hitching on Wei Qian's body, turned back and poured a cup of warm boiled water, and then walked to the kitchen, took out the bowl of rice left over from the evening, rinsed away with hot water, and then chopped up some vegetable leaves and ham, and beat a bowl of eggs, and together they were cooked for a while on the fire, and boiled until the rice grains were so soft that it was completely burst open, and the milky white rice soup is hard to separate, Wei Zhiyuan only with a spoon stirred, finely sprinkled a handful of salt, turned off the fire.
  Wei Zhiyuan would make a lot of simple late night snacks, he often woke up hungry in the middle of the night when he was growing up, and had gotten used to getting up on his own to find something to eat.
  
  "If it's hard, drink two mouthfuls while it's hot, you'll be fine afterward." Wei Zhiyuan shoved the spoon into his hand and sat himself under the lamp, picking up a book and keeping him company in peace.
  
  The heat of the porridge hit my face with a special aroma.
  Wei Qian was dumbfounded for a moment, rustled and sat up, picked it up and drank it. His cold fingertips were scalded with a light color of blood by the somewhat hot porcelain bowl, and the stone pressed in his stomach was miraculously melted away.
  
  The word "home" seems to have melted into the bowl of thin rice soup cooked in a small pot over a slow fire.
  It seems to cure all diseases, and you really feel better after drinking it.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stayed with him until Wei Qian stood up on his own and went back to bed, then he packed up the dishes and turned off the lights and returned to his own bedroom.
  He had a cardboard box under his bed, and even though he'd only moved to his new home a short time ago, he'd already accumulated quite a bit of stuff in his box.
  
  At the top was an old, yellowed photo of Wei Qian, and pressed underneath were a dozen mostly unopened color/erotic magazines.
  ...... unconventional, there is not a single female in it.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had flipped through two books out of curiosity at first, and quickly lost interest in the conditioned reflex-like thousand physical reactions. However, before when Wei Zhiyuan was pulled by two contradictory moods, he had always irrationally kept these bomb-like things under his bed, and even though it had always been a hide, he had always had a vague, crazy, desire to be discovered by his big brother in his heart.
  Unfortunately, Wei Qian was too comfortable with him and never went through his things and never found out.
  
  Now that the conflict in Wei Zhiyuan's heart was resolved, he made up his mind, so he decided to get rid of all of this and start the step-by-step approach that he was so good at.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pulled out the photo of his big brother and stuffed it into his carry-on bag, and the next day he mixed the magazines under the bed with the other books and took them out to get rid of them.
  
  Unfortunately, this time, luck seemed to have deserted him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's bed is a little short, the carton has to be reversed to drag it outward, and when she went out early in the morning, Xiaobao kept urging her outside, and Wei Zhiyuan opened his mouth and answered her, and a flipped magazine took the opportunity to roll under the bed in the deepest part of the bed, and Wei Zhiyuan didn't hear it.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan in order to prevent omissions, but also deliberately with a long hanger under the bed swept a circle to ensure that nothing is wrong, however, swept to the innermost when the hanger hooked the legs of the bed, it is difficult to take down.
  The open magazine lying quietly under the leg of the bed became a "beautiful black light", which he did not sweep out.
  
  Winter break came quickly once the snow fell.
  Wei Zhiyuan once again began to set training - Song Xiaobao think he strange sin, from Wei Zhiyuan first jumped not with her class, Xiaobao felt that he actually jumped to the other dimension, from then on to live in the days of deep water and hot water, did not see a night of television, not a whole summer and winter vacation, years as one day, morning and evening return.
  
  When I got home, I spent most of my time hiding in my house doing problems, except for helping my grandmother and big brother with some things.
  Mrs. Song no longer goes out to pick up rags, but she still ties up Wei Zhiyuan's used arithmetic papers and exercise books into bundles every month and sells them to buy a big bowl of fried snails.
  In this situation, Song Xiaobao, a normal teenage girl, almost let Wei Zhiyuan give contrast to an uneducated backward student.
  
  But even so, Xiaobao didn't have much of a problem with her little brother, the main reason being that Wei Qian was always stuck with her pocket money, but not Wei Zhiyuan's, so Wei Zhiyuan became her main dabbler, becoming half of her bread and butter.
  
  On the 24th day of the lunar month, it was already the end of the year, but Wei Qian was arguing with the old bear in the office.
  Still about the project in the field, at that time is a friend of the old bear introduced, the local government circle a business circle, now has gradually become a climate, around a few pieces of residential land rose, became a fat meat, a time to attract a number of tigers eyeing the eyes of the eye.
  The old bear is very self-aware, did not intend to interfere with a foot, but only to bring Wei Qian over for a long time.
  
  As a result, this insight grew into a problem.
  
  Wei Qian almost to that piece of land suffered from lovesickness, there is a period of time three words do not leave the project, almost to the point of going into a fire, tea and rice, and now it has come to the winter, the winter in the north is unable to start the construction, so this is the best time to take the land and run all kinds of preliminary procedures, if the efficiency is high, the next spring thaw, you can do it the first time.
  
  For this matter, Wei Qian has been tugging at the old bear's office for most of the month.
  
  Three fat in the old bear house to play Tetris, the old bear is attached to the elegant pickpocket incense ash in the incense burner, Wei Qian sat across from him, looking at him this leisurely bear like, hate big bushels of incense ash are blown into his nostrils.
  
  "You give me thirty million dollars, thirty million dollars and I promise to make it down for you."
  
  The old bear busily reached out to gather the wind, carefully guarding his incense, and said to Wei Qian with a weeping face, "Let's not talk about whether or not you can do it down, hey, brother, do you see your brother I look like thirty million dollars?"
  
  Wei Qian: "That's not a problem, didn't you say ......"
  
  The old bear waved his hand to signal him to shut up, carefully struck a match, lit the incense, covered the lid of the incense burner, inhaled a large mouthful, huffed and puffed his nose, shook his head and blinked a few times, as if he was going to sneeze in the next moment - this bastard is completely using the seal incense as a snuff bottle.
  Then he bull-chewed and issued a lofty appraisal of Fengya's seal incense: "Fragrant!"
  
  Wei Qian rolled his eyes.
  The old bear then barred his mouth and said to him, "Young people ah, let fame and fortune a rush, really can not find the north ah."
  
  Wei Qian crossed his legs and leaned heavily on the back of the chair, arms clasped in front of his chest, jumping his veins to endure the old bear.
  
  "I said earlier, your kid is in a hurry, go out and run a few times and think you have some insight?" The old bear recited a poem like staccato said, "you write those feasibility analysis what I read, alas, are bullshit. A big piece of fat meat sitting there, but also analyze the fart, but all not stupid would like to bite. But you do not think, that fat meat why let you bite it? Your teeth are gold and jade?"
  
  Triple Fatty winced.
  Old Bear glanced at him, "What are you doing?"
  
  Three Fatty said, "Can you change your tone, Mr. Xiong? I feel like hundreds of snails are crawling on me when you talk like that."
  Old Bear: "......"
  
  Three fat and whispered to Wei Qian: "My good boy, thirty million, not three thousand dollars, you do not open your mouth on the lion's mouth to be okay, scared me to death."
  Old Bear grunted and picked up, "Qian'er, with your intelligence, if you have half of San'er's steadiness and smoothness, you'll be a great man in the future."
  
  Three Fatty slapped his thigh: "That's right!"
  A moment later, the three fat and pondered over that this is not the right flavor: "Wait, just now that sentence seems to be not to praise me, right? Is it a criticism of me for being less intelligent?"
  
  "You're called a great mind like a fool." The old bear soothed him, continued to Wei Qian said, "How many people are staring at that piece of land - OK, even if your brother bear dog on the power of the people back, rely on our family old man, to get you this 30 million, but 30 million you want to pry this project? Don't dream boy, you can't even get the land down, believe it or not?"
  
  Wei Qian was silent for a moment and said in a deep voice, "What you mean is that we are not ready for a fight, right?"
  The old bear felt a little itchy from inhaling the fragrant ashes, so he tilted his head, blew his nose, and said in a jarring voice, "You just saw that? Then you should get a pair of glasses."
  
  Wei Qian ignored him squeezing himself, and looked pointedly straight at Old Bear: "Boss Bear, according to your meaning, we are never well prepared. No one on the road to pick the plums are bitter, every good project has a mouth underneath then - this is just a small project in a third-tier city, the big consortia and big state-owned enterprises are not even lazy to look at the thing, is already the lowest, the most desirable threshold we can find now, this step you can not step up, sooner or later, by the rules of the game to be thrown down, do not even want to enter the door. Haven't you noticed? Land prices are going up, and can you be sure you're prepared to go up faster than it does? What if it's too late?"
  
  The old bear said languidly, "That's life."
  Wei Qian slapped the chair handle fiercely, "If I had resigned myself to my fate in this life, I wouldn't have lived long enough to sit here and call you out today!"
  
  Not going toe-to-toe with him, Boss Bear remained relaxed and leaned back in his own chair, asking lightly, "We just can't get in the door now, how about that? Do you have the qualifications? Can you take down the project? You're on the ground
------------

Reading in sections 38

Does Gov. Fong have the connections? Can you handle that stack of permits? Do you have enough money? If you borrowed 18 million dollars from all over the world, would you be able to beat them if the land was put up for public auction? I see you have never played poker, holding a block of 80 cents of chips also dare to go to the table, the dealer a hand of big bets down will be able to squeeze you out."
  
  Wei Qian: "What you say is a problem, but it's not out of the question."
  The old bear immediately gently pressed the tabletop, "Where's the solution? You tell me!"
  
  Wei Qian paused.
  
  The old bear slowed down his tone, "I appreciate your spirit of grabbing the opportunity whenever you see it, regardless of everything, but ah ...... young man, get down to earth!"
  
  Young men in their twenties and mature men in their thirties sat on opposite sides of a business table, and in the end, the older one won.
  The old bear took a quadrilateral step to the side to make a phone call and ask his leader what kind of food he had bought for the evening.
  
  Three Fatty walked over and patted Wei Qian's shoulder, "Young man, let's go."
  Wei Qian shrugged off his bear paw, "Get lost, don't make snide remarks."
  
  The biting snow flooded the whole city, and the happy-go-lucky Sanfat and the preoccupied Weiqian were like a pair of clueless and unhappy, and one person carried two big bags of various materials and dishes for hot pots and headed for home.
  
  On the way, three fat asked Wei Qian: "You used to not dream of being a lab scientist white coat? Why didn't you go to graduate school this year?"
  Wei Qian seemed to be thinking about something else and froze at his words, "Did I say that?"
  
  Fatty: "You're a rat, you'll forget it when you put your paws down, won't you?"
  Wei Qian carefully recalled, and the same gloomy face as the sky showed a bit of self-deprecation: "When I was a child, I was a douchebag, and I thought that I could be a scientist when I went to college, and now I realize the mistake, and I'm trying to correct it."
  
  Three Fatty couldn't say why, and asked a little hopefully, "Working to correct technical problems and move toward a goal?"
  Wei Qian laughed lightly, puffing out a mouthful of white air, "Trying to correct the course and stay away from such an impossible land as Utopia - I still don't believe it, I still have to do this project down."
  
  Three Fatty didn't answer again, the joy of carrying three pounds of snowflake beef in his hand was suddenly diluted, and an undercurrent of disappointment welled up in his heart over nothing.
  
  At that moment, someone behind him called out, "Brother!"
  Three fat and Wei Qian turned around and looked, it was Wei Zhiyuan, Wei Zhiyuan rode a diagonal bag and rode his bike from the back, and the intensive training class had just gotten off the class.
  
  Wei Qian immediately and nonchalantly shoved everything in his hand into his car basket, leapt sideways onto Wei Zhiyuan's backseat, and patted Wei Zhiyuan's backside: "Hurry up and let that fatso run for a couple steps."
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately accelerated steadily.
  
  Three Fatty had to scream and curse to catch up from behind.
  
  The gloom on Wei Qian's face finally cleared a bit and he laughed out loud, he looked up and saw Wei Zhiyuan's frozen red ears, so he took off his gloves and covered Wei Zhiyuan's ears.
  The originally flat and steady bike shivered steeply, and Wei Zhiyuan's ears turned even redder in his hands.
  
  Unfortunately, Wei Qian's turnaround mood didn't last long when the winter vacation report card arrived.
  Song Xiaobao's report card Wei Zhiyuan only swept a glance and knew that the eighth grade tsunami warning was coming.
  
  Sure enough ......
  "Song Xiaobao!" Wei Qian slapped his sister's report card and lined it up on the table.
  
  Although Old Mrs. Song also hated her iron, but in front of Wei Qian, the absolute black face, she unconsciously played the role of the white face, while counting down Xiaobao: "Saying that you're all for your own good, how come this girl is so indisputable?"
  On the one hand, she also pulled Wei Qian: "Her brother, I heard that their school is also a period of time ago what activities, may delay a little homework, next time to make up on it, you do not get too angry ......"
  
  It didn't matter if she didn't mention this, but when she did, Wei Qian was reminded of Song Xiaobao's out-of-tune dance team.
  
  In Wei Qian's opinion, this is all a pastime, if Song Xiaobao can be as mindful as Wei Zhiyuan, not to mention that she has nothing to do and wants to dance as a pastime, she is playing bungee jumping all day long, Wei Qian does not care.
  
  But not now, Song is playing with things, absolutely playing with things!
  
  Weiqian critical survey in front of the head did not dare to raise some of the small treasure, really look at the vertical look at the eyes - winter, small treasure wearing a red sweater and small plaid skirt in Weiqian view of the incongruous, a small face more and more white, satin-like long hair draped over the shoulders, for the sake of beauty and refused to comb up, a smile up the fine eyebrow fine eye! The first flavor, standard goose egg face on the red lips and white teeth.
  A young girl of twenty-eight years, with a beauty that was on the verge of blossoming and burning.
  
  Wei Qian, however, didn't go to appreciate it at all; he felt that a good girl should just keep her hair short, and that she should just wear ill-fitting school uniforms, dragging pant legs that were obviously a cut too long, and jackets with hemlines that drooped down to her knees.
  It's as if the only way to look like a decent human being is to be plain and ugly with indistinguishable men and women and long waists and short legs.
  
  Unconsciously he thought again of the girl he had met that day at Sister-in-Law Xiong's place; the pure feminine beauty made him feel sick; he associated that beauty with something bad, unclean, and windy; and when they appeared in Xiaobao's body, Weiqian began to feel some kind of crisis.
  He felt that Bo had grown beyond his psychological safety, out of the loop and off the beaten path.
  
  The fiery red hemline, the tiny breasts that were deliberately highlighted, all made Wei Qian feel that the pure land in his heart had been polluted, and the shameful and secretive memories were coupled with irritation, and the five-point fire in his heart suddenly skyrocketed to ten points.
  
  The angrier Wei Qian became, the calmer his expression became, his dark eyes swept a glance at Xiao Bao and said gently, "Vacation, right?"
  Po nodded uncertainly.
  
  Who knew that the next sentence would be a bolt from the blue for her.
  Wei Qian said, "Tomorrow happens to be free, I'll take you to get your hair cut."
  
  "Have I been too indulgent with you?" Wei Qian sized up her attire, and added as if it wasn't enough, "Look at what you're wearing! What does it look like? Like a student?"
  
  Song Xiao Bao's mind went blank, unable to speak.
  
  Old lady Song finally completely caught in the middle, on the one hand, as an elder, she also hoped that Xiaobao could be successful, and could understand Wei Qian's ? and unreasonable, on the other hand, as a woman, she could also understand her little granddaughter's feelings of love and beauty.
  
  "Then ...... her brother," Old Mrs. Song couldn't help but speak up for Xiao Bao, "let's just keep the hair for now? It seems they're going to perform again in the New Year, and there's rumored to be a TV station ......"
  
  "Dancing?" Wei Qian's cold words finally shattered all of Song Xiaobao's hopes, "Reading books like this, and you still have the face to go dancing? I'll hire a tutor for you during winter vacation, don't go anywhere, stay home."
  
  He has a lot of authority in the family, Song Xiaobao actually only dare to catch him in a good mood when he is petulant, basically will not contradict him, but for a girl of this age, cut off the hair is already a kind of torture worse than death, do not let her go to dance, is more and destroy her entire "career", to put her completely imprisoned as serious.
  
  So Song Xiaobao exploded like Liang Shanbo and Zhu Yingtai who rebelled against their feudal patriarch: "You're not reasonable at all! Everything has to be done as you say, you are the Great ?, you are Napoleon, you are Hitler!"
  
  It's hard for her to name a few historical figures, once she heard that she was an uneducated one in school, Hitler even, what about Napoleon? Wei Qian couldn't even figure out whether she was scolding herself or praising herself. So he said even more ironically, "Yeah, I'm the one who said it."
  
  As soon as Song Xiaobao saw that things were going nowhere, he spilled out, "I won't cut it! I won't cut it! Cut my hair, I ...... I'll die for you!"
  Wei Qian leaned on the sofa and looked at her coolly, "Die for me to see? Fine, I'll watch, you die instead."
  
  If Comrade Song Xiaobao really had the piss-taking nature to die when she said she would, she would have become a school bully in junior high school, so what's the point of jumping on his feet here?
  
  Xiao Bao a cry two three hanged skills or and grandma learned, when grandma as a senior shrew, if not Wei Qian in the way of his sister to throw a mouse, she is not able to fight the teenage version of the big brother - not to mention that Xiao Bao only learned a half a dangling, the eyes of the big brother, but it is not what it used to be, cultivated into a fine.
  
  Mrs. Song loved it, could not bear to look at it, not not to look at it, silently turned to go to the kitchen to clean up.
  Wei Zhiyuan pretended to be dead on the side, not saying anything as if he didn't exist from the beginning to the end.
  
  Seeing that there was no hope, Song Xiaobao finally bawled.
  Her hair was so pretty, everyone who saw it more than complimented it, and she'd gone to great lengths to steal the spotlight from a crowd of grizzled little middle-schoolers, and before she could feel good about herself, her big brother had trampled on her unmercifully.
  
  No matter what, at this moment, Song Xiao Bao was hating this cold-faced and cold-hearted big brother.
  
  Therefore she mouthed off without a care in the world: "I know, you just don't like me! You favor second brother in everything, and ever since I was little, he has always had more pocket money than me! You even secretly bought him a computer! What have you ever given me? You don't even give me a good face!"
  
  Wei Qian nearly let her get angry.
  Not to mention which one is the real one, even if they are both real, the older brother will still love his sister more.
  
  Wei Qian finally eased his tone and reasoned with her patiently: "Am I biased? Xiao Yuan has skipped two grades, exempted from the examination on the key, the examination grade first, people never spend money, never go out on vacation to run around, even if you compare with him, but also compared to a little ambition, okay? You ......"
  
  It was rare for him to be so reasonable, but Song Xiao Bao couldn't even listen.
  
  "You're just biased!" She screamed, "I'm your own sister! I know why you don't like me! Isn't it because of mom that you hate me?"
  Wei Qian's temples began to pound.
  
  And Song Xiaobao still do not know what is good and bad, jumping with yelling: "You hate mom, mom died you continue to hate me! If you think she's a disgrace, I'll definitely be a disgrace! I'm not learning anything because you think I'm not learning at all! My mom is a chicken and a chicken's daughter is ......"
  
  Wei Qian's vicious slap had greeted him.
  His slap came whistling with a harsh wind, Song Xiaobao's mind went blank and she didn't know how to dodge, while the slap didn't hit her face because Wei Zhiyuan, who was pretending to be dead, finally came out to stop it.
  
  He grabbed Wei Qian's waist from the side and dragged him backward, pressing him down onto the sofa on all fours, turning his head to glare at Song Xiaobao in sorrow and anger, "Don't shut up yet!"
  


38. Chapter 38

  Wei Qian was angry by Song Xiaobao, a burst of tinnitus, body soft, Wei Zhiyuan tall and big people pressed on him, he struggled twice, but did not break free.
  
  The kitchen of the Song old lady busy threw down the broom, quickly stepped into, saw this scene, really afraid of Wei Qian not light and heavy with Xiaobao hands, busy in a cunning and subtle way to protect the calf - she herself first according to Xiaobao's back gently slapped, scolded: "how to talk to your brother? Are you crazy?"
  
  Song Xiaobao stretched his neck, still want to show his attitude hard and uncompromising, but tears but first rain pouring.
  
  Mrs. Song sighed and stood in the vortex of this family conflict - between Wei Qian and Xiaobao, and said with an attitude of hosting the overall situation: "If I say, Xiaobao, it's all your fault, your brother said you were wrong? If you don't go to school at this young age, what are you going to do in the future? With me to the market to buy a vegetable can not count the change to, but also middle school students, alas!"
  
  Xiaobao wiped a tear from his eye fiercely, "Middle school students don't learn that bit about counting change!"
  With her unique perspective of pure illiteracy, Mrs. Song justifiably retorted, "Bullshit! That village secretary of ours was a high school student who played the abacus well back then."
  
  After the old lady's incomprehensible stirring, Wei Qian's sinewy head finally calmed down a bit, he tilted his head back and stared at the ceiling for a while before taking a deep breath, moderating his tone and saying to Wei Zhiyuan, "Let go of me."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had been suppressing him, feeling his violent heartbeat finally calming down little by little, before slowly releasing the hand pressing on his wrist, only to look down and realize that his big brother's wrist had already been pinched red by himself.
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly gently clutched it in his hand and rubbed it with his fingertips, "Brother, when you are not here Xiaobao can be understanding, she is just pampering you, look at that girl who is about to cry like a Meng Jiangnu, don't be angry."
  
  Old Mrs. Song on one side listened and nodded her head, at the same time stranglingly thought, this is the difference between educated and uneducated, how come she couldn't say such smooth words?
  Old Mrs. Song quickly helped out and said, "That's right, her brother, have a word."
  
  Weiqian had never learned to "talk things out" since he was born, and at this point, he didn't want to talk any more, and he felt a hunger and cold exhaustion in his heart, even though he didn't want to eat anything, and the heater was warm enough.
  Wei Qian slowly stood up, his chest aching a little, he didn't seem to bother to look at Song Xiaobao again, and crossed straight over to her, turning around to go back to his own room and flinging the door shut with his return hand.
  
  A crisis was passed, and only then did Old Mrs. Song turn her head to glare at Xiao Bao, scolding her in a low voice, "Still crying! What are you so aggrieved about? You're just looking for a beating, aren't you?"
  
  Song Xiaobao shouted at her, "I won't cut my hair! I won't cut it!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at her incredulously, not to mention the two hairs on his head, as long as the big brother's words, his head shaved and hung in the living room as a light bulb are not two words.
  
  Song Xiaobao keenly read the fact that she had no allies from both of their eyes, and for a moment, she felt like a small boat in a vast universe of stars, the loneliness of traveling alone without a shore made her heartbroken. Bao sat on her butt on the sofa and cried her heart out to herself-she was on the verge of parting with her beloved long hair.
  
  Unfortunately, no one could comprehend her maidenly sorrow.
  Mrs. Song did not want to watch her play a childish temper, and continued to go to the kitchen to clean up, and Wei Zhiyuan silently returned to his room, busy recalling the full arms of the party that he had hugged in the heat of the moment....... Wei Zhiyuan no longer restrained himself after he understood what he wanted, and began to indulge his own thoughts, and fantasies seemed to have built him a The world, from time to time in which to sit for a while, Wei Zhiyuan can always get enough soothing and calm.
  That little bit of youthful sentimentality peculiar to the young man, as youthful as the springtime, was divinely powerful, even to his
------------

Reading in sections 39

The paranoia and coldness inherent in his nature washed away quite a bit.
  
  Following the horrific violence of her big brother straight in the face, Song Xiaobao was met with a disregard from the entire family that she didn't take seriously, and she thought gamely in her heart, "Dare he be nice to all of you, but hates me alone."
  In that snap of the fingers, Song Xiaobo brain two abnormal wiring foreword and backward hooked together, short-circuit sparks "crackle" a flash, she decided, to leave home.
  
  When she left, the sky was the limit, and no one forced her to go to school and do her homework, no one forced her to wear ugly school uniforms, and no one forced her to cut her hair in a back-and-forth ear-hunting haircut.
  
  Like the freedom fighters who have fought their fathers for thousands of years, generation after generation, Song mustered her rare, once-in-a-century mobility to put this idea with a spark into practice.
  
  The one who usually got up the earliest in the morning was Old Mrs. Song, and even though Wei Qian had told her to stop doing heavy work, she had been a working woman all her life, and enjoying happiness was a skill she could not learn, so she still insisted on going to sell tea eggs and boiled corn every morning.
  The second up is Wei Qian, Wei Qian went to college did not see easy, science and engineering class schedule itself has not been easy, he has to squeeze out time to go around to get money, every day can sleep five hours even good, now on vacation, although the school does not have to go, but then catch up with him in order to the project with the old bear choking, so you need to get up early to prepare for the meeting in the morning, there is still a hard battle to be fought.
  As for Wei Zhiyuan, their teacher has been crazy extraordinary, a winter vacation, Wei Zhiyuan, they will be on the thirtieth of the year, the first two days off three days, the rest of the time in the classroom training, there is no double holidays no holidays. Wei Zhiyuan basically get up and go, breakfast to get on the road to eat.
  
  None of the three had left the house after 7:30 a.m. for all of the above reasons; it was too early, and thus no one had bothered to wake Song up.
  
  But on this day, the last one to go, Wei Qian, unlocked the door, he was angry, but he really wasn't going to let Xiao Bao run outside all day like a big wild horse.
  But he didn't know that this behavior of his was redundant, and he didn't know that Song was no longer at home at this time.
  
  In the middle of the night on the first day, Song Xiaobao thought more and more about it, so she waited until it was quiet at night, and then she poured out all the pocket money she had accumulated, which totaled two hundred and eight dollars and fifty cents--Since she could be deducted from her pocket money at any time because of one or two small mistakes, Song Xiaobao had gotten used to keeping reserve food for herself like a little hamster.
  As for her usual expenses, she spent most of what she dabbled from Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Bao wore her warmest clothes on the outside, stuffed a few changes of clothes in her bag, took her favorite headband and hairpin, packed a water bottle and a bag of chapattis, and went off thinking she was well prepared.
  
  The busy family froze all morning and half the day.
  
  Wei Qian is still in the mind without distraction to torment the old bear, early in the morning, he put the whole project manipulation mode in front of the old bear in detail, print out a full half-centimeter thick, I do not know how he actually got out in such a short period of time.
  
  This is a prelude to ghost obsession ah ...... The old bear said hopelessly, "Your kid is really a bastard eating weights, iron heart ah?"
  
  "The solutions to the few questions you asked me the other day, I've written them all in there." Wei Qian didn't tease with him, briefly handed over a sentence, picked up a cup and sipped down half of the cup of water - he didn't know whether it was due to catching a cold or being on fire from being pissed off by Xiao Bao's living, as soon as he woke up early in the morning he felt that his throat was uncomfortable, and gulping down spit hurt like a precursor to an inflammation.
  
  The old bear took his program with a sigh, feeling as if he had a live debtor sitting across from him who was asking for money.
  
  He briefly turned over, quite breathtaking, the old bear hired some and Wei Qian about the same age of young people, among them there is no lack of whimsical, but they really add up to not as bold as this guy.
  
  The old bear moved his buttocks to sit upright, dry cough, put out a business face: "without considering the actual operability of the situation, some places do have a little insight, but also quite creative. But the young people running in the street are not short of creativity, I do not need a 'people have how bold, the ground has a big production' program. Saccharin-filled dumplings have never been made before, have they? Can you try to cook one and sell it on the street? You can't convince me with this stuff."
  
  Wei Qian looked at him and said in a nonchalant manner, "I'm never whimsical, if I can write it I can do it."
  
  The old bear stared into Wei Qian's eyes, the man's gaze was as warm as ever, but it was always sheepish. Wei Qian didn't budge an inch and said word for word, "As long as I want, even if it's the moon in the sky, I'll gnaw it down as if it's a mooncake, do you believe me?"
  The old bear didn't move on the surface, but in his heart, he felt that it was really like Wei Qian that this kid could say something, and with the old bear's understanding of him over the past few years, he might really be able to do it as well.
  
  For a little while, the old bear was almost infected by the kind of desperate determination in Wei Qian, probably a forward, determined person is able to ignite even the blood of others together.
  
  However, after all, it is only "almost".
  
  The old bear heart sighs tersely: in the end is young ah.
  Men in their thirties and forties are still vigorous in their careers, they are energetic and strong, and their ambitions will reach the zenith of one's life as their conditions mature, but when they are in their early twenties, that kind of rampage belonging to a young man is impossible to get back.
  
  The old bear could hardly remember what kind of light he had been in when he was a decade or so younger, and as he looked at Wei Qian, he began to suspect that he was old.
  
  This kid, how can he get to this point and still fight like he has nothing?
  
  It is possible that Weiqian either mentally still thinks he has "nothing" or he is a crazy gambler by nature.
  
  Never mind the old bear heart flashed through a few lofty years, his fathead fish like appear dull and loyal face but always do not show a little bit of clues, the old bear crossed his fingers, placed on the desktop, word for word asked Wei Qian: "Well, I'll discuss the last problem with you, 30 million, now this capital risk, I can not afford. If I bring you the money, what if you can't get the project? You can't take down the project, you can't take down any guarantee, 'bridge' [Note] no one dares to do it for you, at that time, just take up the interest of this money, every day less than 10,000, what's the reason for me to bear this capital cost for you?"
  
  Wei Qian said without blinking: "I have a family, the house I can not move, the other, the savings of these years, I can give you to put together a small two hundred thousand to, if you promise, I will go over tonight, twenty days after the success or failure to give you a roughly Qi's results, if there is no play, I smash pots and pans, but also to return the money to you. "
  
  The old bear shook his head and laughed, "Smashing pots and pans, but haven't had to sell the house yet, so you're not quite an outlaw."
  Wei Qian: "Do you promise?"
  
  The old bear thought for a moment, perhaps the young man awakened his young blood, perhaps by Wei Qian to his assurance impressed, the old bear finally gave in: "so, these two days I want to rut to get you money to go, but even if you find our old man to do the guarantee, how to also have to be twenty days a small month, add up to me to give you a month and a half, not to mention the planning permission, you at least have to get me A land use agreement with the government, then I'm going out on a limb this time, with you two hundred and fifty-five a time, how about it?"
  
  Wei Qian's eyes lit up for a moment.
  
  The old bear was afraid that he would get carried away and knocked on the table, "But let's talk about it in front of us. If you really can't get it down, you should come back to me and pay for it before it's too late, do you hear me?"
  
  Wei Qian's face broke into the first smile he had seen all day, and it was only then that he felt his throat become uncomfortably dry and sore, and the smile was blocked by a coughing fit before he could even unfold it.
  
  Just then, the phone in Wei Qian's pocket suddenly rang, he looked down at the caller ID, actually from home.
  Wei Qian sighed with some fatigue, I do not know what Song Xiaobao made a mess, a time even the temples are tight, hurriedly drank a few mouthfuls of warm boiled water to suppress the cough, which picked up: "Hey ......"
  
  On the other end of the phone but not specifically Song Xiaobao, Wei Qian heard Old Lady Song's somewhat shivering voice: "Her brother, was it you who finally went out and unlocked the door?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Uh, what's wrong?"
  
  Mrs. Song: "Xiao Bao is gone!"
  Wei Qian: "What?"
  
  He no longer cared about arguing whether any project was fat or lean, no longer cared about whether this was a big gamble or an elaborate contest, the endless goose feather snow outside the window blasted down, and Wei Qian's chaotic mind was left with only one question---
  Where can Bao run off to in this cold? Does she have money? Have she got enough clothes? What will she eat? What will she drink?
  
  Wei Qian no soul like from the old bear's office rushed out of the time, just to meet face to face to give the old bear to send food to the bear sister-in-law, bear sister-in-law inexplicably looked at him to catch up with the pace of casting like, uncertainly asked: "his home fire?"
  
  The old bear reached out and pinched a dumpling from the lunch box, what is called "chronic" interpretation of the best, not panic chewed and swallowed before answering: "No, the little girl ran away from home."
  Hearing this, Mrs. Bear's wife opened her eyes wide and raised her palm to give the old bear a dark cloud: "Then why are you still eating? What are you doing? Hurry up and find someone to help find ah!"
  
  The old bear nearly choked to death on the fiery attack that hit him like a thunderbolt from heaven and shriveled up on the table, beating his chest half a dozen times in a deadly manner.
  He looked at the lady's face, so he could only obey the holy decree, and condescendingly, with an empty stomach, followed his own windy bear sister-in-law in the saddle, and helped to look for the teenager who had run away from home together - he and Xiaobao had met a few times, and knew what a lackadaisical character that little girl was, and didn't think that she could have gone far at all.
  
  Who hasn't run away from home when they were young and crazy? You'll come back when you've spent your money, so what's the hurry?
  Wei Zhiyuan got the news, temporarily took a half-day vacation to come back, went home and broke open Xiao Bao's deposit box, looked inside and asserted, "She took more than two hundred dollars."
  
  Mrs. Song: "Where did she get that much money?"
  Wei Zhiyuan glanced at her, "...... asked me for it."
  
  Mrs. Song was so anxious that she instinctively blamed everyone, slapped her thighs, and almost cried out: "You just give her what she wants from you? What are you doing spoiling her? This is not loving her, this is harming her!"
  
  "All right! Don't you follow and add to the chaos." Wei Qian walked out of the Xiaobao house, drank the old lady Song, touched the phone to the three fat on the other end, "She should be wearing a white down jacket, carrying a bag ...... ah? What kind of bag? The bag ......"
  
  He frowned as he said this, his temples clenching tighter and tighter as his head ached more and more, Wei Qian pinched his brow hard.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan mentioned him gently from the side, "Orange duffel bag with a Mickey Mouse head hanging from the zipper."
  
  Wei Qian quickly repeated his words before hanging up the phone, "I'll go out and look around again."
  Old Mrs. Song immediately jumped up, "I'll go too!"
  
  Wei Qian ignored her and had flung the door shut and left.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly put on his coat and said to Old Mrs. Song, "Don't follow me, it's so snowy outside, if you slip and fall, it'll be even more chaotic then, I'll go and take a look."
  
  Old Mrs. Song really did listen to him.
  This is the second time, she is already accustomed to - everyone is wilting in a hurry, Wei Zhiyuan unusual to maintain his usual calm, Mrs. Song never know whether he is a little chronic, or just born cold-blooded, night and day can not deal with how deep feelings to.
  She didn't know what would touch Wei Zhiyuan, so it seemed as if nothing would, he just knew what to do at all times.
  
  When the snow touches a person's face, it melts, and people traveling in the snow are soon drenched to the point that their heads and faces are all wet, and when Wei Zhiyuan catches up with Wei Qian, he feels that his cheeks seem to be somewhat abnormally red.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly rushed up and said to him, "She was neatly quilted, I estimate that it is unlikely that she deliberately folded before leaving, it should be that she didn't sleep last night, and she left directly in the middle of the night. It was ten degrees below zero last night, out dripping into ice, she could not be hanging out, most likely called a car, looking for a place to stay ...... Brother, are you sick?"
  
  Wei Qian shook his head, "Where can she live?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan frowned, thought for a few seconds, said clearly and methodically, "Xiao Bao is not very bold, the possibility of going to an unfamiliar place in the middle of the night is very small, yesterday it was already so late, it's not possible for her to run to her classmate's house. It should also be impossible to go near ...... school, she just had a fight with you because of her grades, she shouldn't want to go to school, why don't we go to the neighborhood of her rehearsal place to look for it?"
  
  Wei Qian stood still, his head aching.
  He opened his mouth to ask where Bao was rehearsing, but he couldn't bring himself to say it.
  
  Wei Qian thought with some bewilderment, how badly he had neglected his little girl, not even knowing anything about what she liked to play, who she liked to be with, or what she liked to do in any place.
  What exactly does he do all day long?
  
  "I know the place," Wei Zhiyuan observed his words and immediately understood what he was thinking, and hurriedly added, "It's in the dance classroom of the Children's Activity Center in the center of the city, I'll take you there."
  
  The snowy day even the car is not good, it is hard to wait for a, two people hurriedly gave a stop.
  I don't know what's going on, but the front of the road is blocked into an open parking lot, so I can't drive through it.
  
  Wei Qian turned around and asked, "How far is it?"
  Wei Zhiyuan said, "One stop or so."
  
  Wei Qian paid directly in front of the car and ran all the way through the ice and snow.
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly followed, he still felt that Wei Qian's face was not quite normal, and he went after him to untie his scarf and hang it around Wei Qian's neck.
  
  The two had been walking in the snow for who knows how long, their bare skin frozen nearly numb.
  And then they saw the source of the traffic jam, there appeared to be a car accident at the intersection, several police cars were around and a large crowd had gathered.
  
  Wei Qian was about to pave his way through the crowd and walk over, when suddenly, the mere words of a passerby drilled into his ears.
  
  "The little girl isn't old enough." Someone said, "Sins, why don't you drive slower when it's snowing so hard?"
  Wei Qian's scalp instantly exploded as a vicious coolness crept up his spine.
  
  He did not know how he had opened his mouth to ask the question, and when he responded, he had heard his own words as from another's mouth
------------

Reading in sections 40

Come to the sound.
  
  "...... What little girl?"
  
  "Just hit a little girl at the intersection, just sixteen or seventeen years old, that blood flowed ...... ouch, I guess the person is bad enough."
  Another man turned back to him, gesturing and describing to him, "But no, this side of the traffic light is broken for several days, and there is no one to repair it, and it's snowing so heavily, just now I just watched a little girl wearing a white dress ......"
  
  The latter words, Wei Qian could no longer hear, he felt that someone had struck a hammer on his chest, propped up his sternum shattered, and his internal organs were almost given to strangling into slag.
  There was a whirlwind of heaven and earth.
   
Author's Note: Note: Bridging, long and short term loan swaps



39. Chapter XXXIX

  However, even though he was burning up inside, Wei Qian only shifted a little bit imperceptibly, and the amplitude was so small that no one even noticed it except Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan clutched his hand, felt his hand hot, he was shocked: "Brother, you ......"
  
  Wei Qian turned a deaf ear and shook off his hand, striding towards the crowd.
  Even if what was waiting for him on the ground was really a mangled corpse, he had to see it with his own eyes.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was just about to raise his feet to chase after him when he suddenly heard someone call out to him in the distance, "Qian'er! Xiao Yuan!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan turned back to look, only to see the old bear's car is parked not far away, too many people, they can not pass, the car door is open, the bear sister-in-law is playing the umbrella standing there jumping and jumping shouting, and next to her, is not dare to lift the head of Song Xiaobao.
  
  Right - Wei Zhiyuan breathed a sigh of relief, realizing that he had actually forgotten about this - which folk expert could see with fiery eyes that Song Xiaobao's true age was actually all of sixteen at first glance?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan walked two steps tightly and pulled Wei Qian's arm, hard yanked him out of the crowd, wrenched his shoulder and turned around, "Brother, don't be anxious, Xiaobao found it, there it is."
  
  Wei Qian followed his finger and glanced at it, and a moment later, his body tensed like a bow suddenly loosened up, and Wei Qian couldn't help but stagger half a step to the side.
  And then he stood firm on his own, his face expressionless, neither joy nor anger could be seen, only as an afterthought he realized that his body, even the cold sweat and then the snow, had been soaked.
  He winced solidly.
  
  Bear sister-in-law is a staggeringly enthusiastic, once heard on the launch of a lot of friends to help pay attention to, but also coincidentally, one of her girlfriends happens to be in the spare time in the Youth Activity Center as a choir tutor, Xiaobao that dress brightly very bright, the teacher happened to see the impression, the old bear two families drove over to try their luck.
  
  In fact, Song Xiaobao, this classmate has been a goon since childhood, and his bones are a good seedling of a traitor and a traitor, and it is rare that his hot blood goes to his head and he is able to do a file of such a feat.
  However, the mighty and majestic in her life has always been like a flash in the pan, blown by the cold wind, her hot blood cooled, and immediately regretted, Xiaobao was the first reaction, is to sneak home while the night, pretending that this incident did not happen, the result of a touch of the pocket, found that out of the hurry, and forgot to bring the key.
  
  The playful gadget, the key, was simply born specifically to get under her skin.
  
  It could be imagined that when she came home at this time and knocked on the door, waking everyone up, her intention to run away from home would surely be exposed, and by that time, her big brother would surely skin her alive, and I'm afraid that not even her grandmother would be able to save her little life.
  At the thought of a bloody and violent scene like that, Song Xiaobao even trembled her liver, and at the end of the day, she had no choice but to cross her heart, and as if she was forced to do so, she continued her big business of running away from home with a stiff upper hand.
  
  She ran to a small hotel near the juvenile activity center, want to make do for a night, who knows that next door is a pair of strong-willed, braved the cold to open a room of wild lovebirds, harsh natural environment did not affect people's determination to fight for a thousand generations of human beings to reproduce, the bed board crunching all night. The small hotel sound insulation is not good, Xiaobao did not sleep for a full night.
  
  In such a hostile environment, Song Xiaobao's nature of remembering to eat and not remembering to fight bubbled up, her full of June flying snow-like grievances comparable to Sinus E's disappeared in the next door's screaming/bed sound, and began to be afraid.
  
  When Old Bear and the others found her, Bao was walking in circles back and forth around the stadium behind the Children's Activity Center in a dilemma.
  The old bear proudly pointed at her and said to his wife, "See, I told you you couldn't lose it, right?"
  
  When Wei Qian went over, Mrs. Xiong, who had already understood the situation, was lecturing Xiaobao: "You little girl, why are you so bold? Why do you run away just because of such a small matter? What if you meet a bad guy? What if you don't have enough money? What if there's an accident? You're going to kill your brother?"
  
  Xiao Bao picked at his own fingers, and when he saw Wei Qian walking over, he nervously looked up at him, and then quickly lowered his head in a penitent gesture, his ten fingers sparingly stirring together like playdough.
  
  The old bear pulled out a towel from nowhere and gave it to the wretched brothers, "Hey, these two fell into the soup, quickly wipe."
  
  When sister-in-law Xiong saw Wei Qian, she didn't bypass him on the principle of hitting each of them, "You, are you such a big brother? If you cut your little sister's hair, why don't you take a knife and slash her face? What's wrong with us dancers? Are we dancers inferior? ????????????????????????,??????,???????,????,???????????????"
  
  The old bear couldn't bear to pull her a hand: "You're almost done, wherever you are, why are you so eager to speak? Your words to save a little bit, and so I one day good fortune, let you go to the General Assembly of the United Nations to speak, okay?"
  
  Wei Qian, however, didn't know whether he had nothing to say or couldn't say it, and didn't respond, but just picked up the corner of his mouth a bit stiffly, smiled at sister-in-law Xiong, and said softly, "Thank you, sister-in-law."
  
  Originally also wanted to target the right to speak the issue of suppression of the old bear three hundred rounds of bear sister-in-law, inexplicably by him so a smile got speechless, had to snappishly shut his mouth.
  
  Along the way, Wei Qian did not say a word, Xiaobao looked at his ugly face, his heart became more and more apprehensive.
  Old Bear notified Three Fatty and the others and kept driving them home before excusing himself.
  
  As a result, as soon as Bao pushed the door in, he was met with an outburst from Mrs. Song.
  
  The first night, Mrs. Song was afraid that Wei Qian would beat her up and was still using all sorts of small means to defend her, but today, she rolled up her arms and sleeves to get on her own.
  The old lady received the notice of "people found", hanging heart banged down to the ground, and hastily recited a few words of Buddha's blessings.
  After thanking the Bodhisattva, she stood in the doorway with a broom, ready for a woman's singles fight, and after Xiaobao's first "grandmother", Mrs. Song swung her broomstick round and beat her like a fly.
  
  Whenever Mrs. Song wanted to do something, she had to have her chickens come home to roost, and there had to be enough ground for her to play.
  Wei Zhiyuan and Wei Qian consciously stayed away from the battle circle and stood close to the wall.
  Wei Zhiyuan was still wondering why his big brother didn't stop him when suddenly, there was a weight on his shoulders, and Wei Qian pressed one of his hands on it.
  
  "Give me a hand." Wei Qian's voice was so light that it was almost inaudible, his eyelids seemed to be glued together, and he struggled to open a slit, but basically couldn't see anything. The cold sweat at the corner of his forehead kept flowing down the bridge of his nose, and he couldn't even catch his breath.
  
  Before Wei Zhiyuan could reach out his hand, Wei Qian's knees went weak, and his entire body swayed and fell headfirst.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan scooped him up with a plunge, and even through the thick winter clothing he could feel the heat of his body as if it were burning coals.
  Old Mrs. Song was stunned and hurriedly threw down her broom and ran over shouting, "What's going on here? What's going on here?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan reached out and tried his hand on Wei Qian's forehead, well, it was able to boil an egg, and immediately bent down to carry Wei Qian, who was already unconscious: "Fever, grandma, you find the thermometer and standing medicine."
  
  Old Mrs. Song answered, turned around and saw Xiao Bao still standing there at a loss for words, then she was furious again, "What are you looking at? It's all your fault! It's all because you're angry."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan shushed her, "Be quiet."
  
  Old Mrs. Song inexplicably obeyed his instructions, not knowing when she had begun to trust this half-big boy as much as she had trusted Wei Qian back then.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan carried Wei Qian to his bedroom, supported Xiaobao and grandmother around, and stripped Wei Qian of his damp coat, poured hot water and fed him medicine.
  
  That was when Wei Qian had awakened from his brief coma.
  
  He pushed Wei Zhiyuan first, "It might be a cold, stay away from me, it'll infect you."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was pushed away, then came back together as he was.
  The teenager didn't argue with him, just stared at him as he finished his medicine, then added another layer of covers over him, carefully pressing down on the corners.
  
  At that moment, there was a careful knock on the door outside, and it was obvious at first glance that it was Bao - Mrs. Song had learned not to knock, and she usually used a smash.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan invited Wei Qian with his eyes for a moment, while Wei Qian turned his face to the side without saying a word, while closing his eyes, seemingly falling asleep at the speed of light, Wei Zhiyuan smiled a little, and understood what he meant.
  
  Xiao Bao stood in the doorway and looked at Wei Zhiyuan who came to answer the door, at this time the height difference between the two had reached a point that made people hairy, if she stood very close, Xiao Bao had to tilt her neck in order to see Wei Zhiyuan's face, she was just like a sunflower wilted by the sunshine, tilting her head to look at Wei Zhiyuan, a twitching and still whimpering.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stretched out an index finger and put it up to his mouth, "Eat the medicine and sleep, let's talk about it tomorrow."
  
  Through her misty, tearful eyes, Bao felt that there was something very inexplicable in his eyes, and with her intelligence and experience she could not tell what it was, and there was nothing to be done about it, so she nodded her head obediently, and took one step and three turns back.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan dismissed her, closed the door again, moved a chair, took a book, and sat on the edge of the bed to guard Wei Qian.
  
  After a while, the sleeping ingredients in the medicine took effect, and Wei Qian really fell asleep.
  The open book in Wei Zhiyuan's hand didn't go down a page, he simply threw the book aside and propped his ten fingers together, staring at Wei Qian with impunity.
  
  In the midst of such unusual stillness and serenity, he suddenly found himself understanding his big brother's silence in the house.
  
  By nature, Wei Qian is by no means the kind of particularly quiet and introverted character, otherwise it would have long let the three fat that broken mouth to annoy the death, it is unlikely that he will mix with him, Wei Qian's words are actually quite a lot of temper comes up the mouth is also quite poisonous, just his family in the words of some extraordinarily stingy.
  He never confided or even communicated much at home, as if someone talking in his ear could make him feel noisy.
  
  Why?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at Wei Qian's face that was gradually covered in a bit of fine sweat by the heavy quilt, and couldn't help but reach out and ruffle a strand of hair that was wet with sweat from his forehead - the teenager figured it out, because that was his big brother's unique way of escaping and being weak.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan traced Wei Qian's silhouette with his eyes, thinking in his heart, when this man was a little younger, a little weaker, and a little more helpless, carrying a family on his back, although he didn't say a word on his lips, would he really be without any resentment in his heart?
  Can he really always have an open mind and always have no regrets?
  
  How is that possible? He's not a rock.
  
  This man, all he'd ever wanted in his life, had hurt him so badly.
  And all the things he hated in his life haunted him.
  
  He was almost like a handful of tree buds squeezed out of the stone over billions of years, wobbly and twisted in description, but lush.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan knew that he was not quite sound in personality; he lacked the ability to sympathize, and this lack was not an adult, honed coldness, but rather that he didn't know how to sympathize most of the time.
  He found it incomprehensible whenever Xiao Bao and Mrs. Song cried their eyes out to the bitter drama.
  
  It has nothing to do with age and nothing to do with intelligence - very young children are affected by the emotions of the adults around them, and even puppies show comfort to crying strangers in an animalistic way.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan finds it difficult to empathize with other people's emotions, and even more difficult to make an emotional connection with people; most of the time, he adopts a somewhat conformist disguise in order to fit in.
  Only Big Brother is different.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan speculated on the feelings in Wei Qian's heart, like a child prying open the top of the temple to peek in, feeling that precious emotional connection.
  
  All the real joys and sorrows, the toughness and the cowardice, about a ...... man who was worshipped as a god in his youth.
  Like a piece of transparent soul laid out across him, Wei Zhiyuan even felt his heart melting.
  
  When Wei Qian woke up the next day, he realized that he was actually lying in Wei Zhiyuan's arms.
  
  Probably because he unconsciously attempted to kick the quilt in his drowsiness, Wei Zhiyuan simply held him with the quilt.
  This was nothing, they had lived together since they were children, but the moment he opened his eyes, Wei Qian still inexplicably felt a little awkward.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's presence is too strong.
  He took up half of the bed, instantly made the spacious space cramped, arms and legs wrapped around himself, Wei Qian felt that he was too much, but he just had a sense of crisis like an animal that ...... his own territory was invaded.
  
  As soon as I took his temperature again early in the morning, Wei Qian had changed from a high fever to a low fever.
  
  Song Laotai pressed Xiao Bao to come in and apologize, Xiao Bao probably didn't sleep well all night again, two eyes as red as a small rabbit, looking blearily at Wei Qian, the words did not express the depth of his sins.
  
  Wei Qian also stopped mentioning the matter of cutting hair and retiring from the dance team, and the matter was just so muddled and uncovered.
  
  In front of the relatives, the principle, the bottom line of the rules and regulations are paper mache, the wind blew rotten into the slag, the end of the calculation, as if there is only confused and get by.
  
  At noon, Sister-in-Law Xiong came without incident, she saw Xiao Bao's qualification and wanted to bring it back to teach herself.
  Wei Qian didn't stop it either, fighting the urge to deal with sister-in-law Xiong for a couple of sentences, saying thanks, and turning a complete blind eye to Song Xiaobao.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan watched with cold eyes and couldn't help but think: one day, will you tolerate me again and again with no bottom line like this?
  In the afternoon, Wei Qian let Wei Zhiyuan should go to class, the results of this kid to him low-eyebrow obedient, a sentence called "yes", is capable of at the same time yangfeng
------------

Reading in sections 41

against his will and ignored his advice.
  
  Wei Qian coughed twice, "Did you hear that!"
  
  "Uh, got it--hey, brother, let me show you this." Wei Zhiyuan was like a retarded child who couldn't understand human language, he heard and ignored it, and then he took out his own special laptop as if he was offering a treasure, and opened a small game inside, "This is a homework assignment that I recently handed in, it's not entirely original, and it's a little bit of 'Push the Box' that game improved to give you a break from boredom. to give you a break from boredom."
  
  Wei Qian said in a bad humor, "Push your head."
  
  Half an hour later, he was on his back playing this retarded little game of "Push Your Head In".
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was down in his bedroom doing his homework, occasionally coming over to annoy him a bit, like forcing him to drink his water and forcing him to put the second layer of the quilt that had been lifted off back on.
  Wei Qian has never before felt the fact that "this kid has already grown so big without realizing it", a bit uncomfortable, but this discomfort was quickly attracted away by Wei Zhiyuan's little game.
  
  The game is well-designed, the beginning is very gradual, little by little, let people accumulate a sense of achievement, first start each level only a buckle, unlocked to pass, in the middle and late each level began to have seven or eight buckles, the accumulation of the sense of challenge and sense of achievement step by step to lead people addictive.
  At a later stage, Wei Qian realized that his villain had basically been trapped in the middle of a spiderweb-like dazzling array.
  
  Wei Qian was stuck on the last level and couldn't beat it to death, and after failing countless times, he began to suspect that there was something wrong with the program and he simply couldn't get out.
  
  The brothers acted like two children and argued for a while about whether a particular player was too stupid or whether the game itself was faulty in its design.
  
  In the end, Wei Zhiyuan squeezed in next to him and showed him step by step how this heartless level could be done with eighteen consecutive clasps, and then he looked at Wei Qian a little smugly, showing off like a little peacock, saying, "I'm smart, right?"
  
  "Che, the stuff that teases children." Wei Qian said and pushed the computer away to show that he was skimming the relationship ...... as if the one who just hugged and did not let go was not him.
  
  Wei Qian lit a cigarette on the bed, his fever subsided, his body is a little weak, but the person has been much more comfortable, the workaholic heart that has been temporarily laid to rest began to be unable to resist the stupidity.
  Although he had a stiff upper lip, he had really been inspired by Wei Zhiyuan's little game in some way, vaguely grasping a little bit of the idea of how to take down that project to set up a project.
  
  Wei Qian was so absorbed in his thoughts that he almost burned his own bed sheet, but fortunately Wei Zhiyuan was quick to snatch it off.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stood next to him like a medical authority and said rather authoritatively, "Brother, you should rest."
  
  Wei Qian's jaw dropped as he thought, "Am I being controlled by this kid? It's against him!"
  Wei Zhiyuan was really trying to uncover the truth, forcibly turning off his bedside lamp, and then using his weight and brute strength to press his sickly big brother back under the covers, sitting down like an overseer and waiting to supervise his rest.
  
  Wei Qian was so shocked that he didn't even think to resist.
  
  I don't know how long it took Wei Zhiyuan to hear Wei Qian suddenly ask, "On the first night, how did you know where Little Treasure was going?"
  Wei Zhiyuan was debugging the program, and looked up without lifting his head to say, "Guess - how would someone who sincerely wants to run away from home wear anything as bright as her? Definitely afraid of being caught back in the middle of the day, so they can't wait to smear two pounds of mud on their face."
  
  Until then, Wei Qian suddenly remembered that this big boy, who seemed to be doing his homework in class like an ordinary teenager, had had such a bitter experience when he was young, and he suddenly felt a little heartbroken.
  However, Wei Qian did not know how to express, he stumbled for a long time, only to use a kind of "or brother to buy you a popsicle to eat" such a tone of voice to ask Wei Zhiyuan: "Hey, kid, study so good, want to go abroad in the future? I can save up ...... for you first."
  
  Before he finished his sentence, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly raised his head, his face, which was green from the display, was ugly, as if he had heard some terrible words.
  
  After a while, Wei Zhiyuan himself realized that he had overreacted, and only then did he hastily lower his eyes and whispered as if hiding something, "I don't want to, you should rest early, don't talk."
  
  Wei Qian only rested this day, and the next day, he climbed up as usual, booked a train ticket to the project site, and went to work as if he was playing hard to get.
  Old Bear ordered Sanfat to follow him, and Old Bear believes that Sanfat, a man who is as mellow on the inside as he is on the outside, is more stable than Wei Qian.
  
  Wei Qian with a consumptive patient with a mask, coughing in the car to die, three fat had to take care of him, by the way, poor mouth cheap nagging a few sentences: "Your third brother I'm this Supervisor when the ah, it's really wimpy, it's a small eunuch, serving the master to come."
  
  Wei Qian: "Well, it's quite appropriate, the supervisors are many eunuchs."
  "Your mom!" Three fat melancholy whacked Wei Qian, remembered behind the back of the thirty million dollars, really jumped the Songhua River heart have, a chip on the shoulder humming, "the north wind that blowing, snowflakes that floating ......"
  
  Wei Qian gave him a cold look.
  Three Fatty asked sadly, "Father, it really can't be done, are you planning to sell Xi'er me to pay off the debt?"
  
  "No." Wei Qian said.
  The three fat old men are very happy.
  
  Wei Qian added, "Daughter, you're too ugly, I'm afraid that Huang Shiren will wet his pants when he sees you."
  
  Three fat long sighed: "You say you are sick little comrade, you now have a house and career, the university diploma is also almost in hand, fucking spring breeze ah! What the hell are you doing? Seriously, let's get off at the next station, sell return tickets, it's not too late to go home."
  
  Wei Qian flipped through the project materials as if he wanted to imprint every punctuation mark in his brain, "I can take it down."
  
  Three Fatty shook his head and sighed, "You're just a stone in the outhouse, ah, smelly and hard!"
  His pair of bushel-like fat hands rubbed his knees uneasily for a while before he broke his back and generally slapped his thigh: "Alright, your third brother owed you in his last life, you say it, what to do."



40. Chapter 40

  Wei Qian and three fat to the destination, the old bear has already greeted in advance, the last time to introduce them to the project friend holding a shoe box cut cardboard sign, at the station to meet them.
  
  This friend of the old bear's original name Li dog eggs, grew up after their own changed into Li Fengya, is a farmer born entrepreneurs, when the early years of the contractor with the construction team to get rich, is the old bear in the process of pouring tea to recognize.
  Li Fengya's side business is all over the country around the dumping of souvenirs, the main business has two, on the one hand, engage in construction, on the one hand, engage in demolition, even demolition and then cover, one-stop service, package.
  
  However, he still earns most of the hard money, long looked at those who invest in the development of the eye red, but it is a pity that the hand can not get so much money, only to think of pulling people into the partnership.
  Unfortunately, the last time the old bear came to take a look, did not seem to show great interest, Li Fengya originally thought that this is yellow, did not think that there is still a turnaround, and therefore pick up the person to pick up the joy.
  
  Li Fengya is in his forties, his appearance is unimpressive, he looks dark and thin, his eyes are concave, his height is less than one meter seven, his waist is less than two feet one, at first glance, like a piece of black beef jerky.
  
  In the winter months, he did not mind the cold, jacket in hand, wearing a designer shirt, sleeves rolled up, I do not know how long it has not been washed, kneaded like a piece of dried pickles, the front hem tucked inside the waist of the pants, the back hem exposed in the waist of the pants outside, walking with his cheerful pace of lively ups and downs, like wearing a fart curtain.
  
  Although people rely on clothes and horses rely on saddles, but the world is so a kind of person, even if the body is clad in gold and jade clothes, others will only think that he put the home bamboo pieces of cooler hold out bundled up on the body.
  
  Wei Qian has already seen a side, so it is not strange, three fat but have not seen such a rich poor, surprised, secretly with Wei Qian biting ears: "Yo, this big brother is from which coal kiln climbed out?"
  Wei Qian said, "Huang Shiren Pit 1."
  
  Three Fatty hated to sew his mouth shut.
  
  Guests come from afar, according to the rules, Li Fengya naturally want to entertain some, to the table after three rounds of wine, each other, "young talent", "sophisticated" and so shamelessly touted a number of Li Fengya began to talk about the topic: "Last time I thought it was too simple, now in addition to us, there are several families are staring at this piece of land, I heard that one also invited a foreign designer to plan, the dog long horns pretend to be foreign ah, make quite a thing."
  
  Three fat busy asked: "We are outsiders, do not understand how deep the water inside, then you think this is reliable?"
  Li Fenya smashed a sip of her small drink, shook her head and sighed, "Hard to say."
  
  "What?"
  
  Li Fengya lowered his voice, dipped his chopsticks in the wine on the table, stretched his neck, lowered his voice and said: "Because I've been thinking about this, so there are a lot of relationships, not to hide you two little brothers, the Land Bureau and municipal / government side, I can talk - of course, do not think that I'm a great brother Ha Ha, I can talk to others of course also talk to no one Road, who would not dare to hit this idea right - the Land Bureau Director Zhou, formerly our hometown two days ago. I can talk to others, of course, I can talk to others, no one would not dare to hit the idea of this right - the land bureau that Zhou director, formerly our hometown, just two days ago with him a piece of wine, but also talked about, ah, this thing, now it is really hard to say ah ... ... ...You know the commercial street in the middle of those pieces of land, right?"
  
  See two people nodded, Li Fengya continued to say: "That is a local company invested in our business, their boss surnamed Zhang, this Zhang is our secretary's cousin, now this is the case, a commercial street built red-hot, but we do not know Zhang Zhang Zhang not know which tendon is not the right one, only rent not sell, said to ensure that grade, can not let this commercial street into a wholesale market of commodities, now the grade has 'snapped' broken the financial chain of hundreds of millions of projects smashed into the loan are due, otherwise the surrounding residential land can be cheap us. Now there is a grade, the capital chain 'snap' broken, hundreds of millions of projects smashed into the loan are due, otherwise the surrounding residential land can be cheap us? Impossible, is now, each family are streaming lama waiting, the premise is also looking forward to the last name of Zhang's do not get money, we can eat to eat people's teeth out of the leakage, ten thousand a total want to open up, 'bam' to the commercial street a sale, or to get a new fund, we are all in vain."
  
  Three Fatty: "Why isn't he selling?"
  Li Fengya slapped his thigh: "Can't think straight!"
  
  Three fat: "No money he can find someone to cooperate ah, background so hard, is no one lend money to him? How much to borrow a little, and then find a partnership to fund, not all live?"
  Li Fengya said, "No, fat brother, you don't understand, to put it nicely, he can't return the money for a while, to put it bluntly is that his cash chain has collapsed, 'crunch' a break, broken, dead! Do you understand?"
  
  Li Fengya loves to use onomatopoeia, as if this can increase his vocabulary, "crunch" two words, sprayed the three fat face spittle.
  Three Fatty wiped his face, sensing in his heavy spittle how hard and difficult it was to take this thing down.
  
  "Even if he has a background, he is still a private company, what is the private company most afraid of? No money, my fat brother!"
  Li Fengya finished, reached out and grabbed a big elbow on the table, three bites gnawed, finished eating a wipe mouth: "With you straight, our General Manager Zhang that person, a little sour, I've seen a side, aigoo my old lady, that brow wrinkled high above the look, I see him as if he had just come back from a business trip to the South Gate of Heaven - they do not see us these landlords, otherwise I would have to come all the way to you? Do not look at us, the landlord, otherwise I would have to go a long way to find you?"
  
  It was not until then that Wei Qian opened his mouth and asked, "Brother Li, according to your meaning, he has no other way but to sell this commercial street in his hand?"
  
  Li Fengya pondered for a moment: "Not necessarily, the real groundbreaking, he may not be able to eat, but if he is willing to borrow a shell, looking for someone to package a new project company for him, in the name of the project company and then the project financing to take this piece of land, and then directly premiums off the hands of the not impossible, but also to return a large amount of cash, is a long time, and the bar! ...... If this matter is put on my head, I will do it, Mr. Zhang is a person, didn't I tell you? This kind of under the table thing, his old man is not necessarily happy to do."
  
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes and thought about it, and finally after discussing with Li Fengya for a few moments, the group decided to walk through the commercial street the next day and step on a spot in the neighborhood.
  
  Returning to the hotel at night, Wei Qian took a shower to sober up the wine with the half-cooled water, and without even wiping his hair clean, he found his previous planning book and tore it up.
  Three Fatty looked on coldly and said, "It's not what you expected, is it? Are you dumbfounded? You're out of ideas, aren't you? If I say, let's pack up our things, buy a ticket to go back tomorrow....... You listen to your coughing, wheezing all murmurs, two pieces of the lung valve core have fallen, straight leakage."
  
  Wei Qian glanced at him, suspecting that Old Bear was simply being unkind by allowing San Fat to follow.
  
  Three fat perfectly played the role of Piggy, caught the opportunity to propose to split the luggage back to Gao Laozhuang, is really shaking the heart of the army is not a good tool.
  
  The old bear, that simple and thick on the outside but a monkey on the inside, might have known about it the last time he came, just to make him know what to do.
  
  Three fat then said: "Qian'er, I think this is not a chance, people old Li a snake are trickling out of the water, what else do you want? What else do you want to do? Are you going to send your third brother me to go to the government officials? I can tell you, a scholar can be killed, not humiliated."
  
  Wei Qian easily stopped coughing, painfully glanced at the three fat: "Third brother ...... cough, count on me to beg you, point face!"
  
  "Don't accuse me falsely, my modesty is as immortal as fat," Three Fatty stood up and twisted his waist, "Well, your old man slowly pondered, I think it's good to eat that roasted chicken in the evening, and before we return to the court in the same class, I decided to wholesale a few more, and go back to give my children a taste. "
  
  Wei Qian opened a planning map that Li Fengya had gotten for him through the back door, spread it on the bed, and said in a low, hoarse voice, "If you want to go back, you go back yourself, I'm not leaving anyway."
  
  Three Fatty sat on his butt on the edge of the bed, "You're not going to cry until you see the coffin!"
  Wei Qian said with a calm demeanor, "I won't shed any tears when I see the coffin, what's the use of shedding tears? It's okay, I have a second plan."
  
  Three fat eyes lit up, "You are quite God, early expected ......"
  Wei Qian: "Present thought."
  
  Three Fatty measured him in silence for a while: "Qian'er, how can I not understand - before you get on the train, you are like this, on the train you are like this, to the place to understand the situation you are still like this - where do you that bottom of the air come from? Where did you get that confidence from? What makes you think you can definitely take it down?"
  
  Wei Qian raised his head, because of illness and poor rest, his eyes are slightly bloodshot, while the eyes are sunken, although over the years and days stained with a bit of implicit but not revealed gloom, the core is firm and undistracted.

------------

Sectionalized reading 42

  
  "Hustling the outside world must first secure the inside." Wei Qian said, "I have limited energy, I decided to do things, if I repeatedly doubt and repeatedly hesitate, then I really don't have to do anything all day long. I don't know what I'm based on, but I've decided to do it, and under this premise, I don't want anything else."
  
  Three Fatty then got serious and asked him, "And what if you fail?"
  Wei Qian calmly shook his head, "I'm not considering this."
  
  Three Fatty was anxious: ''How can you not consider this? Aren't you just messing around? Did you consider this Mr. Zhang before you came? There's always something you can't think of, you don't think of anything, don't you think you're being too rash?"
  
  Wei Qian smiled at him, "A temporary failure is not a failure, it's just an accident, soldiers come to block, water comes to cover the earth, even if there is an accident, what I need to consider is how to make up for the loss and utilize the opportunity brought by the accident, nothing more."
  
  Three Fatty was sort of convinced of his bizarre, almost cult-like beliefs in spirituality, and resigned himself to waving goodbye to his dear little roast chicken for the time being, and went to lie down on the other bed.
  
  Wei Qian and the others had been gone for several days, and Wei Zhiyuan was finally on vacation - that meant the Spring Festival was here.
  This Chinese New Year the elder brother is not there, the whole family has no flavor.
  
  Only when the New Year's bell rang, Wei Qian's a phone call back home, but all around is the sound of firecrackers like bombing bunkers, Wei Zhiyuan did not even hear the news of when he said to go home.
  
  The teenager hung up the phone and began to officially think about his doomed and bumpy love life.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan knows that his feelings are too shocking, and no one can accept it ...... frankly at first glance, not to mention that it is still a person like the big brother.
  Wei Zhiyuan actually considered, if he revealed a little tendency to, big brother will not be in the way of his feelings, more or less pinch the nose to understand some, tolerate some of it, and then slowly get used to it?
  It would be a long drawn out process, and Wei Zhiyuan didn't have the confidence that he would succeed.
  
  In front of the juvenile heart, people will always involuntarily sentimental, stumbling, not to mention this doomed dark secret love.
  Wei Zhiyuan was rarely unconfident in this regard, he didn't know and didn't want to know if his big brother would treat him like he treated Xiaobao, willing to back down for him again and again, to the point of having no bottom line at all.
  
  What if he simply thought he was crazy?
  What if he finds it disgusting beyond what he can accept and back down from?
  
  A loud bang, huge fireworks burst in the air, downstairs private cars to the frightened chattering, Wei Zhiyuan's ears were shocked by some tinnitus, he could not help but incline his head, vetoed the idea.
  He couldn't accept that Wei Qian was a stranger to him, and the moment he thought about it, that sense of fear he felt that stemmed from his early childhood and the constant fear of abandonment would once again drown him in it.
  
  He must be steady, calm and effective.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan does not know how long he has, he believes that he first needs to create a subtle environment, like a spider weaving a web, there must first be a large framework, and then step by step.
  On top of that, he thinks he needs a teammate.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan shifted his gaze to Elderly Mrs. Song, who had already leaned back on the sofa and slept for an unknown amount of time, and skipped over her after a moment - she was even harder to convince than Big Brother, and it might be painful to explain the whole thing to her.
  Finally, Wei Zhiyuan's gaze fell on Xiao Bao.
  
  How ...... to stay still and find a way to get her to find a way to be on her side?
  
  Wei Qian left this time, even the last semester of the opening report did not catch up, it is Wei Zhiyuan took his student card to the school, for him to register finished.
  During this period, Wei Zhiyuan is like suffering from neurosis, in the house is full of all kinds of difficult to understand books, information and literature. Content design philosophy psychology sociology and even some strange art and so on.
  
  Mrs. Song is illiterate and is in awe at the sight of large books, and every time she finds Wei Zhiyuan flipping through a book with his shallow myopic glasses, she tiptoes even as she passes by.
  
  Xiao Bao, however, felt that her little brother is a little abnormal, in the pile of teenagers, do not do homework in the spare time of the teenagers do not kick a ball and fight do not appear to be normal, even if the circulation of leisure books, the circulation of all the martial arts fantasy comics and romance category, no one will look at this thing.
  Xiaobao thought he was too gloomy, just as the new semester's language class chose to read the works of the undercover poet, Xiaobao read it with trepidation, and more and more felt that Wei Zhiyuan had the precursor of not being able to think straight at any time.
  
  She first told her grandmother, but she didn't believe her that way, believing that she herself was uneducated and didn't read, so she couldn't stand to see other people read either.
  For the first time, Song Xiaobao looked forward to his big brother's quick return.
  
  It was not until March of Yangchun that Wei Qian returned.
  At the end of the month, when Wei Qian put a few points of the agreement lined up in front of the old bear, the old bear with the expression fully explains what is called "stunned".
  
  At that time, Wei Qian walked through a circle from that commercial street and immediately had a number in his heart.
  
  He began to closely examine, market positioning, but also gave Li Fengya a difficult problem - let him be sure to contact Mr. Zhang.
  
  This puts Li Fengya worried, he is really not willing to deal with such high-end foreign style people like Mr. Zhang.
  In the New Year, his hair fell out, but at this time, "God" gave him a chance.
  
  Mr. Zhang's son is studying in junior high school, the local folk style is more tough, junior high school boys are often a word of disagreement on the side of the road to scratch and fight, Li Fengya saw the boy, he was surrounded by seven or eight punks.
  
  Li Fengya get rich not forgetting his roots, on New Year's Day willing to mix with his civilian brothers to drink and eat meat, when there are several drinking around the slightly drunken man. But punks fighting, Li Fengya they have long been accustomed to see, the old Li this age, no longer will see the road with a roar, he originally turned a blind eye to go straight through.
  
  Who knows that at that moment, the brain-damaged victim loudly declared his identity: "My father is a big boss, and my cousin's uncle is an official! I'll kill you all, believe it or not!"
  Wei Qian has been pressuring Li Fengya all day long to approach Mr. Zhang, and the tremendous pressure has almost caused Li Fengya to have a neurasthenia, and he was originally obsessed with Mr. Zhang, so when he heard this, he instinctively stopped in his tracks.
  
  The Minuteman brothers followed, stopping and craning their necks to watch.
  
  Old Li pondered for a moment and reached out, "What's all this for in the New Year? Tell them to stop fighting!"
  
  At his command, even though no one moved, a few punks saw this formation and got scared first, looked at each other, whistled, and ran away.
  
  Old Li pretended to be pleasant to the "victim" pulled up a question, really fucking eyes closed someone to hand pillows, this two head of the brain boy is the baby son of Mr. Zhang!
  That son of a bitch jumped up and patted the dirt on his ass, straightened his eyebrows and reached out to Old Li's shoulders, said without a big or small: "Buddy, thank you ah! In the future you are my big brother, there is something I cover you!"
  
  Li Fengya said in her heart, "This little brat definitely lacks heart."
  With a grin on his face, he said with great bravado, "It's not a thing, it's all destiny!"
  
  Three Fatty learned of this and lamented to Wei Qian, "Old Li's grandson has quite a few tricks up his sleeve! Able to come to things and still have luck, a blessing."
  
  Wei Qian's voice was hoarse from his own coughing, yet it didn't hinder him at all from sneering inscrutably at San Fat as he said, "I hired those punching brats."
  
  Triple Fat: "......"
  
  In order to prevent them from appearing to be deliberate, on Mr. Zhang's end, it had been Old Li who had been in contact.
  And the evil and crooked little means is just the auxiliary material, really impressed Mr. Zhang is a paper framework agreement handed over in the name of the old Li.
  
  On the surface of this agreement is Lao Li and Zhang total both sides, Lao Li funded 25% of the shares, while the agreement to monopolize the upstream and downstream works, Zhang as the majority shareholder in the bright side, accounted for the rest of the shares, responsible for the entire project manipulation.
  
  But Mr. Zhang has no money ah, so here the introduction of a third party invisible shareholders, Li Fengya until this point, only Wei Qian they introduced to Mr. Zhang, Wei Qian and Mr. Zhang signed a second agreement between the entire project framework agreement and Mr. Zhang side of the binding, the old bear as a bearer of the actual shareholders, responsible for the money, Mr. Zhang as a registered nominal shareholders, fully responsible for the entire project, including the land, go through the formalities and sales All the management work, the end of the enjoyment of 15% of the dividend rights.
  
  Mr. Zhang and his empty gloves, played a time in the then extremely cutting-edge "asset-light" concept, mitigating the risk at the same time, the most attractive to Mr. Zhang, is that he can make the surrounding residential and commercial streets as a whole.
  
  The reason why he refused to sell the commercial street is that he hoped to get such a landmark, branded things, Zhang always an anachronistic idealist, he dreamed of digging out a piece of land in the center of the city, to get a piece of his own kingdom like a very personal style of building, but unfortunately, too refined, which led to the previous project cycle stretched out too long, to the extent that the chain of funds collapsed.
  
  Leave it to him to run the business, in Mr. Zhang's opinion, it makes his blood boil much more than fiddling with a land to collect a little premium based on his relationship.
  He and Wei Qian hit it off at once, the end of the month to take the land agreement, during the Wei Qian and the three fat did not idle, with the help of the bridge of Mr. Zhang, all the relationship doorway with the bottle of wine laid over the average of two to three meals a day of wine, every night back to the hotel the first thing inevitably is to vomit a dead body.
  
  At the same time, followed by Mr. Zhang to run the preliminary stage, staring at the planning, climbed up in the middle of the night to study stacks and stacks of legal provisions, drafting a variety of agreements, sent to professionals to review, a variety of calculations and cash plan revised version after version, print out the scrap pile up to two feet thick.
  Following Wei Qian, the workaholic, San Fat's fat, which claimed to be as immortal as modesty, actually went ten pounds a month, and his belt loosened a buttonhole.
  
  The old bear also did not expect that thirty million dollars, but let these two children live to chew down.
  
  And Wei Qian originally wanted to follow until the project began to pre-sale, the money back in large sums of money, anyway, the second half of the fourth semester there is no class, he turned in his dissertation defense when he showed his face is enough, but I did not expect to end up out of the division before the first death - dead fat man prophecy, his lungs really leaking, coughing for a winter, and not to live up to their expectations turned into pneumonia.
  
  In the end, the old bear himself came and carried them back, and left them at home to recuperate.
  
  Wei Qian returned home like an African refugee, was caught by Mrs. Song yelling and screaming, and gave three days in a row to eat stewed chicken, so that he saw the casserole straight nausea.
  
  He went home this time, intuition Wei Zhiyuan is not right, however, at first glance and the same as in the past know how to work hard, Wei Qian can not say where it is wrong.
  By the end of the week, Wei Zhiyuan figured that his invisible accomplice Song Xiaobao was going to react to the situation with his big brother, so he left the house early to go to extra classes as usual, leaving the opportunity to play to Xiaobao.
  
  Song Xiaobao really lived up to her expectations, she couldn't hold her words in her heart for a long time, and as soon as Wei Zhiyuan left the house, she snuck over to Wei Qian and said, "Second brother is probably going to get autism."
  
  "...... "Wei Qian, "You'd better go watch cartoons."
  "Really!" Song Xiaobao swore to the heavens, "I won't lie to you! If you don't believe me, go to his house and take a look!"
  
  Weiqian: "He's still autistic even though he's a grown-up. Is he autistic if he doesn't want to talk to you? I don't want to take care of you."
  
  Song Xiaobao and Sister-in-Law Xiong had agreed to go to her place for dance lessons on the weekend, so the delay wouldn't be long. Seeing that her big brother didn't take her words seriously at all, she jumped up and dragged Wei Qian, begging for money and pushing him all the way to the door of Wei Zhiyuan's house, and screwed the door open: "You see for yourself! Not talking to you anymore, nasty! I'm leaving."
  
  

41. Chapter 41

  Wei Qian is really not interested in what is in Wei Zhiyuan's house.
  Wei Zhiyuan's increasingly thin character had once made him worry, but he still thought that the boy was already so big, everything should know the limits.
  
  In Wei Qian's eyes, Xiao Bao and Xiao Yuan were always different.
  After all, Song Xiaobao is a girl, let Wei Qian to understand her, is really a little difficult. She looks too small, character does not see how adult, Wei Qian sometimes actually know, she can barely be regarded as a big girl, at least is aware of the face to face, can not be like a child that did not cover up randomly said randomly scolded, but always can not help to treat her as a child to see.
  
  This is not the case with Wei Zhiyuan.
  When Wei Qian saw him, he occasionally thought of himself when he was his age. Strangely enough, he only thought Wei Zhiyuan was "young", but less and less likely to think of him as a child.
  
  Since it wasn't a child, he didn't want to seem mouthy.
  So after Wei Qian sent Song Xiaobao away, he brought the door of Wei Zhiyuan's house from the outside and walked away.
  
  At night Wei Zhiyuan came back to accept the bountiful achievements of Song Xiaobao, the second girl, but the result was to push the door and know that no one had come in the house.
  He had left a few snaps in the house to determine what had happened in his absence. Without going into the further inside, there were two in the house that were relatively clear and unambiguous - in the morning when he left, the chair in front of the desk was deliberately placed askew, with the square chair legs jammed right up against one of the floorboards, and the floorboards were his reference scales, so that if someone was going to go through his bookcases, they had to be squaring up or moving the chair, which was in the way in any case, out of the way.
  There is also that side of the house side of the door handle by him to paste a layer of very thin plastic film, plastic film is like a cell phone screen, usually will be stained with the human eye can not see the fine dust, so the hand grabbed up will leave a clear fingerprints visible to the naked eye, someone into the house and then come out, of course, to pull the doorknob, it will leave traces.
  
  And the chair hadn't moved and the inside handle was as clean as it had been when he left.
  Only a hair tethered in the crack of the door was pulled and snapped, if the door had been gently pushed open, the hair would have fallen and crumbled right off, representing that someone had pushed his door open with brute force, unlikely to have been Big Brother, and most likely done by Song Xiaobo, that daredevil.
  And big brother ...... he probably swept in, shooed away the little treasure, and brought the door to him again.
  
  So far, what happened in the morning, actually froze Wei Zhiyuan guessed a eight or nine.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's mood instantly became very complicated - he is not a person who digs out his heart and lungs, on a certain level, and even a little bit of solitude, and most of the interactions with people are face-to-face work, and there are fewer times when he is sincere.
  Despite his deliberate guidance, he was, after all, an emotionally blank slate of a teenager, and when he showed a part of himself to his big brother, there was always the inevitable jitters, blushes and even some apprehension.
  
  But Wei Qian
------------

Reading in sections 43

Don't look!
  Has Big Brother's curiosity all gone to the dogs?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan has a deep feeling of feelings being wasted, nowhere to focus at the same time, he can not help but have some mood subtle.
  
  If it was Xiaobao who became very wrong, would big brother also stop at the open doorway? Of course, Xiao Bao is a girl, so it is definitely not very convenient, but what if ...... she is a boy?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan slowly straightened his chair and sat down in front of the desk.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan and Xiaobao two people, a provincial one is not provincial, the big brother in the sense of reason is certainly more to look at the point that is not provincial, and this will make two people are uncomfortable, Xiaobao think brother what things are against her, all day long to find her trouble, not free at all, and Wei Zhiyuan ......
  He felt very conflicted that while he was trying to make himself as good as he could for that person, that person was instead not paying attention to him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan knew that this thought of his was irrational, and he also knew that his heart was in turmoil, but he couldn't calm down.
  If he could calm down, if he could stop letting this thing torment him so much as a lump in his throat, I'm afraid it wouldn't be an emotion that couldn't be cut.
  
  If he had a shred of sense, he would not have risked universal condemnation to put out this fire.
  
  However, Wei Zhiyuan is, after all, an activist, this road does not work, he quickly found a second opportunity.
  
  Wei Qian was flipping through a newspaper when Wei Zhiyuan passed by and, as if unintentionally, pointed to a recommended title on a certain literary page and said, "This is quite good, I have it, brother, do you read it?"
  
  Wei Qian was staying at home and was bored, and gladly accepted the recommendation.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took the book to him and waited patiently for a while.
  Wei Qian does not have any concept of respect for books, never read them and throw them away, and when he wants to read them, he looks everywhere, and when he sees where, he folds a big corner ...... and he treats his socks in a similar manner.
  For Wei Zhiyuan, his progress is very easy to observe.
  
  After Wei Qian finished reading one book, Wei Zhiyuan duly took the second book to him as he did.
  Wei Qian rarely has the leisure to sit at home and read books in peace and quiet, which makes him recall the two years of sitting in the classroom in high school ...... that was almost the most relaxed days of his life.
  
  And Wei Zhiyuan knows that again and again and again and again, one more time, Wei Qian will read it and take it in his house without asking.
  
  After ...... two days, Wei Qian did self help as he wished.
  
  At first he was to stuff the book back and then randomly draw a book, so after a week, Wei Qian gradually Wei Zhiyuan's room as a reading room - Wei Zhiyuan that is cleaner and tidier than his own house.
  
  Wei Qian found that his brother's collection of books is very mysterious, some of them are difficult to understand foreign translations, cloudy narrative style and dog-eared translations, all of which will cause obstacles to reading and seem very boring. However, the reason why a classic becomes a classic is never because it is obscure and difficult to understand, there must be a reason for it.
  
  When one experiences it, when one can know something by heart, then it doesn't matter which way the other person is expressing it, he can get some level of empathy or disagreement from it, and both of these are fundamental to the ability of reading to continue.
  
  But Wei Qian whole winter disease, and did not get normal rest, even if by virtue of the young recovered quickly, at this time also more or less some of the weak, previously the heart has been taut strings when you can still endure, now a slack, his whole spirit seems to follow the weakening down.
  Sitting for a long time he would feel a little tired, so sometimes he would simply lie on Wei Zhiyuan's bed to find a comfortable position, comfortable for a while, and maybe fall asleep.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan this person is too smart, of course, smart itself is a good thing, not terrible, terrible is that he will be like his own body is not long, the only thing to rely on, overly obsessed with and rely on his smart. He thought that everything can be rationally explained, to get an inevitable ending, as if he single-handedly manipulated the game.
  But could he just be smart and prudent enough to make the earth go backwards in its orbit?
  
  He doesn't yet understand what it means to "do your best and listen to God's will".
  
  He also did not know that just when he thought he had rhythmically and precisely brought Big Brother into his spiritual world and was ready to weave a net to catch worms in it, destiny ...... no, or the magical and ubiquitous small probability of the event jumped out and laughed at his lack of self-importance.
  
  One day, Wei Qian was catching a short nap on Wei Zhiyuan's single bed when he suddenly got a leg cramp that woke him up alive with pain.
  Wei Qian, in order to stretch out his twitching hamstring, pressed his already deformed foot against the wall on the side of the bed, and with the force of straightening his leg against the wall, he kicked open a palm-width slit between the bed and the wall, which were originally tightly pressed together.
  
  Wei Qian originally intended to roll over and get up, pushing the bed back, but who knew that when he inadvertently looked down, he saw a dusty, well-made magazine in that palm-width gap.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't think of anything that would have fallen here, so he reached into the crack of the bed, fluttered the dirt, and picked up the magazine.
  
  On the cover was a man wearing only a pair of underwear, the guy had one hand inserted into his palm-length shorts, his expression was squeezing and his posture was scratching his head, even though because it was a guy, Wei Qian froze for a moment at first, but the revealing cover quickly made him realize that it was a restricted sex/erotic magazine.
  
  All are men, all have experienced the same age, Wei Qian at that time, although tired as a dead dog has no time to care, but also know what it is like to have the agitation brought about by the rapid changes in physiology.
  At Wei Zhiyuan's age, collecting a few books of such things, although Wei Qian, as a parent, more or less feels a little awkward, but as an older brother, he basically understands, just a little embarrassed.
  
  With such an awkward mood, Wei Qian casually flipped through two pages, and when the high-definition copperplate paper picture, with a frankness that didn't even bother to make a mosaic, hit Wei Qian's eyes with great impact, the embarrassment on his face froze.
  
  Wei Qian was first shocked, soon the shock turned to confusion and disbelief, and in the end, his expression was simply blank.
  
  A minute later, Wei Qian violently bounced up from the bed, not just angry or something, his face which was originally a bit lacking in blood color rose red all the way to the root of his ears.
  He threw the magazine to the side with a swipe and said angrily, "Son of a bitch!"
  
  At this time is the afternoon, Xiaobao and Xiaoyuan naturally went to school, Song old lady in the next door to nap, she is old, these two years the ears more and more insensitive, sleep dead in the past, Wei Qian made such a big commotion, but also failed to startle her.
  Wei Qian confiscated the magazine, trapped like a beast in the room around several times, the heart is really fire fall fire, tormented by the smoke in his throat, have the heart to cough, and remembered that the doctor said that coughing hurts the lungs, so that he can endure as much as possible to endure, so he was born to coughing to stifle it back, lifting his hand to drop a porcelain cup on the table.
  
  In short, Wei Qian from the hairline to the toenails, every cell on the body jumped up to revolution, the heart of the fire burned the most intense time, Wei Qian rushed to his house, picked the hardest and most heavy belt, ready to a Wei Zhiyuan come home from school, you must first give him a triple trial, as long as the kid has the guts to admit that he will whip this son of a bitch into a gyroscope.
  
  Really haven't hit it since I was a kid, it's building up to give him a roof over his head!
  
  Wei Qian originally thought that Song Xiaobao is already the ultimate bear child, I did not expect Wei Zhiyuan this "never out of line" good boy waiting for him here, Wei Qian and looked down at the magazine spread on the table, above a group of shirtless men are shamelessly rolled together, but also is throwing winks at him, once again angry at his heart and liver a fluttering.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan let his brother live to experience what it was like to be a heart patient, Wei Qian's veins felt like ten machine guns were installed and bursting up at the same time, he took a few deep breaths and felt a burst of pain in his chest.
  
  It's ...... simply hurtful!
  Wei Qian walked beside him on his ass, itching to break open Wei Zhiyuan's brain to see what the hell that kid was thinking, or what the hell had taken over his brother's body and what the purpose of coming to Earth was?
  
  These emotions that had converged together in a chaotic manner due to his outburst of anger finally synthesized into a single thought through an illogical integration, like a river flowing into the sea - he decided to beat that little brat Wei Zhiyuan to death.
  
  This matter is in the afternoon, Wei Zhiyuan general evening study sessions until nine o'clock, he was twelve or thirteen years old from the beginning of the habit of running at night, usually after the evening study sessions will run a few laps on their own by the way, to move the muscles, and so on back to nearly ten o'clock.
  
  Seven or eight hours in the middle of the day was enough for Wei Qian to calm down.
  
  Old Mrs. Song still made dinner vigorously, but Wei Qian was not in the mood and did not have an appetite, and hastily ate two bites and left.
  He went back to his desk, to the sex/porn magazine that had made him so angry that afternoon, and finally began to think about it with a human brain-not a machine-gun-like cardiovascular one.
  
  Wei Qian didn't know if this was just a momentary curiosity on Wei Zhiyuan's part, or if the boy himself really had this tendency.
  He couldn't think of any reason why, or why not.
  
  Among the pioneers, there were also feelings between people of the same sex that went beyond friendship, but Wei Qian generally believed that it was all another expression of their demented, neurotic study of learning.
  He had not been exposed to the reality of homosexuality, nor did he understand it. Having no concept of what those men were supposed to be like, he had to presume according to the mainstream imagination, taking for granted that most of these men who liked men were effeminate men who made people squirm when they looked at them.
  
  Wei Qian leaned back, leaning back in his chair, his neck hanging back softly.
  "Our Xiao Yuan," he thought blankly, "fights steadily and ruthlessly, never pinches his orchid fingers, never walks with his buttocks twisted, and has never been seen to take any abnormal interest in girls' playthings ...... How could he be That kind of person? Impossible."
  
  Really just curious, no way ...... right?
  Wei Qian covered his face with both hands and rubbed it up and down fiercely several times, thinking, "I'm worried to death."
  
  Until then, he had a little understanding of Song Xiaobao's words, "Second brother is going to get autism", although Xiaobao has no common sense to express inaccuracies, but it must be Wei Zhiyuan's abnormal silence and poor mood to make her have this association, or why would she start a rumor for a good reason?
  And the cupboard of books ...... neat to the point of almost harsh interior, the poster of a lighted Van Gogh painting taped on the back of the door, all emphasize certain repressions and struggles that don't belong to a teenager.
  
  Wei Qian suddenly realized his hindsight, shouldn't boys of this age like certain sports stars? The ones with a little bit more personality are just worshipping some scientists or famous tycoons, which one would turn his house into a sociology library?
  I'm surprised he hasn't taken it seriously.
  Wei Qian simply suspected that he had the same heartlessness as Comrade Song Xiaobao in himself.
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan entered the house at night with his school bag in one hand and his jacket in the other, he found his elder brother on the sofa in the living room, seemingly waiting for him.
  Wei Qian: "Xiao Yuan, come here."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan answered, feeling that his attitude was a bit off, his mind flew through what he had done recently, and for a moment he couldn't figure out what was going on.
  
  Wei Qian also did not know what exactly he called him over to do, he wanted to open his mouth to ask about the magazine, he could not ask, the teenager's gaze was clear and focused, and when he looked down at himself, he showed a little bit of lovely gentleness.
  The prepared belt is quietly hanging in the house, and the shards of the cup that was broken by Wei Qian's missteps in a fit of rage are still wrapped up and lying in the garbage can, and he can't even say a word.
  
  Wei Qian suddenly stood up and raised his hand to take Wei Zhiyuan's shoulder.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan seems to have received some kind of shock, after stirring for a moment violently stiff, and then struggled a little bit, as if both some uneasiness, but also do not want to break away in this way, some embarrassed to explain in a small voice: "Brother I'm covered in sweat, I ...... "
  
  Wei Qian patted his back hard, his heart was sore, barely squeezing out a smile, letting go of Wei Zhiyuan: "Don't be too tired, tell brother if anything goes wrong, eh?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was very puzzled inwardly, not understanding which act he was singing, but instinctively knowing that he'd better not ask, he nodded his head obediently and answered.
  
  Wei Qian watched him go back to the house, sighed heavily, and with an incomparable inner vicissitude, ran to the balcony to smoke.
  He has a feeling that he has an old man and a young man, obviously a young man, worry about all the middle-aged people, remembering two days ago, the old bear and he joked that he would introduce him to the object words, Wei Qian indignantly thought: "I have no object of their own, have begun to worry about this group of cubs to engage in the object of the matter, how to live so twisted it? "
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but confide in Sanfat, who remained in the field to guard the battlefield.
  Three fat easily clear day and night, has long been sleeping personnel, was his a phone call savagely dragged out of the dream, on the spot hate and the boy to cut the robe.
  
  Wei Qian sighed heavily, he sighed so sighing made three fat very unaccustomed, three fat fluttering head, wake up napping and asked: "What's wrong with the humble? Your pneumonia has spread?"
  
  Wei Qian incomparably entangled said, "Third brother I tell you, Xiao Yuan this kid ...... this kid ...... alas, he may have to go out of character."
  Three fat thought what a big deal, heard this, suddenly relieved, "haha" laughed: "out of the ordinary? Hahahaha, don't tease with three brothers in the middle of the night, under the sky there are a few out of the ordinary can be out of your? You amused my brother to death, Qian'er, ouch hey I'm not sleepy - do you know what I feel when I hear this? It's the same as that Liang Shan hero Li Kui running to his brother Song Jiang with small steps, calling and buzzing, saying 'there are bandits robbing the road below the mountain, I'm afraid I don't dare to go' ah!"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He paused for a moment and shouted into the microphone, "Fuck/your fucking dead spittoon."
  
  Then he hung up the phone without saying a word and went off to his melancholy side alone.
  
  The next day Wei Zhiyuan got off the evening study hall, as usual, came to the school stadium, threw his book bag, warmed up for a moment intending to run two laps, was twisting his ankles, unintentionally looked up, nearly twisted his foot - Wei Qian is ghostly and silent in the bleachers watching him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "...... Brother?"
  Wei Qian cleared his throat, "Well, I ...... cough, I came over to exercise."
  

------------

Reading in sections 44


  Wei Zhiyuan unbelievably surveyed him for a moment, hesitantly said, "That ...... that line, you slow don t choke the wind, the doctor is not not allowed to let you strenuous exercise?"
  
  The result is really no strenuous activity, Wei Zhiyuan foot more than twice as slow as usual, the two people all the way around the playground like skidding run, from time to time by the school home across the playground walking over the classmates, and finally Wei Qian finally could not stand it, backed down and stood to the side: "You go, I'll wait here will you."
  Wei Zhiyuan finished his run, pushed his bike, and walked slowly back with Wei Qian, chatting with one another, and after an unknown amount of time, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly heard Wei Qian say, "Xiaoyuan, you're in brother's place, and Xiaobao are all the same."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his head and looked at him, Wei Qian shifted his gaze to the side, seemingly unaccustomed to this kind of serious role, he tried to remember how the teachers at school did it, and slowed down his voice, and despite his best efforts, his tone still seemed a bit hard: "Xiaobao ...... she always makes a mess, I have no choice but to control her a little more, you are more understanding ...... Well, I don t know how to say it, anyway, I have not favored her in my heart, you are just like my own brother ...... Alas, you know what I mean, right?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan actually didn't know, but that didn't stop him from enjoying his big brother's rare warmth.
  He stopped suddenly, "Brother, can I hug you?"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He felt a little bit numb, but for fear of hurting the "delicate and sensitive" heart of the young man in his mind, he suppressed his own awkwardness and agreed.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hugged him in a tight embrace, burying his face into the nest of Wei Qian's neck, closing his eyes, his lips swept over Wei Qian's neck seemingly intentionally, dropping a plausible kiss.
  Wei Qian was instinctively jolted, however, he thought it was just an accident and didn't want to appear to be reacting too much, so he had to silently endure it.
  
  The two of them went all the way back home, just opened the door, but on the face of the old Mrs. Song's voice drifted to angrily yelling at Xiaobao: "What are you doing every day? What are you doing? What's written here? Don't bullshit! I don't believe it!"
  Xiao Bao's book bag fell to the ground, a few pieces of paper fluttering everywhere, she looked up and glanced at Wei Qian coming back, shivering first.
  
  Wei Qian leaned powerlessly toward the door, "Ancestors, where does this come from again Boom Thump Choke?"
  


42. Chapter 42

  When Song Xiaobao saw Wei Qian, he was like a mouse seeing a cat, and his face showed some kind of despair that "the end is near".
  
  Mrs. Song picked up a page of paper on the ground, jumped three feet high and launched herself in front of Wei Qian, yelling at him at the top of her voice: "Look at it! It's not fair! What kind of people are these? Oh, your school educates such shameless people? You tell me who this is, I'll find him to me!"
  
  Wei Qian took it over and probably worshiped it in unison, and immediately laughed and laughed.
  
  What Mrs. Song handed over, no doubt, was a love letter.
  As for how the illiterate Mrs. Song saw it, it was attributed to the love letter producer, who creatively drew a thirty-two sheet of paper all over the place, almost like the kind of "tabloid" model that elementary school teachers often let children do.
  At the top is a huge title "to Song Xiaobao", the outside of the odd with some kind of poor hand-drawn similar to vines to the circle, but also with watercolors picked up different colors ...... Weiqian wondered if this person is trying to show a circle of neon lights effect.
  
  In the lower left corner is drawn a large peach heart pierced up by an arrow, and on the right are two small figures, a man and a woman ......
  
  Old Mrs. Song then pointed at the two little people, jumping like a fried old hen, "And kissing!"
  
  The content of the love letter is very simple and easy to understand compared to its cumbersome form, and the body is just one line: Song Li Li, you are a great beauty, I like you very much.
  The cause and effect were stated without any twisting of the knife.
  
  At the end, as if to show his own literacy, this young warrior in the dazzling lace outside, with a crooked "art characters" painted two lines do not know where to copy from the ancient poems, copied in an incomprehensible way, so that people look very puzzled.
  On the left, it reads, "If you ever come back to the place where you will not forget each other, I will pour a cup of wine over my slave's grave", while on the right, it reads, "There is no end to the length of time that the heavens can last, and there is no expiration date for this eternal hatred".
  
  ??......??????????.
  
  Wei Qian knew he should remain serious, but couldn't really help himself, the corners of his mouth shivering halfway between suppression and laughter spurt to find the frequency, he felt that his expression was probably closer to a sardonic grin from a visual point of view.
  However, he inevitably thought of the magazine he found in Xiao Yuan's room, and finally lost the mood to laugh at this love letter of "juvenile sentimentality is all poetry".
  
  He finally turned to a bitter smile, gave Wei Zhiyuan a bad look, and said to him, "Don't watch the fun here, do what you need to do. As for you ......"
  He turned to Mrs. Song.
  
  Mrs. Song growled, "You go to school every day and do this! I don't think we should go to school while we still can!"
  Wei Qian took a step back and sighed, "Can you stop yelling for a while? Spray me in the face."
  
  Old Mrs. Song also realized that the trajectory of her cannonball had deviated from its target course, and immediately turned to Song Xiaobao, who was shrinking his neck and ending his shoulders, and continued to growl, "No, today you must give me an explanation, do you want to study or do you want to get laid!"
  
  In fact, Xiaobao was quite innocent this time proper, she didn't know what kind of folk master was this brain-dead, filthy tabloid maniac, her duffel bag was behind her back, she was being squeezed by people in the school when she was off, someone took advantage of her not paying attention to stuff things into her bag, how could she notice it?
  Though vanity and curiosity made her swing a little when she saw it, she thought she was just surprised in the normal realm and definitely not as uptight as her grandmother made her out to be.
  
  Yet even though her grandmother had beaten her up with a broomstick lump, Xiao Bao was still not afraid of this old woman, instead she was more afraid of her big brother, she peered at Wei Qian's expression and explained in a low voice, "I didn't, I really don't know who stuffed this in my bag."
  Old Mrs. Song bit out, "This is definitely not the first time! No, I'm going to your school to find your teacher."
  
  Song Xiaobao: "Aigoo Grandma, I won't have the face to be a person in school after you do this!"
  Mrs. Song's open and closed mouth is similar to the iron teeth of an Amazonian piranha, and her speech is so fast that people can't catch the movement of her lips: "If you don't go to school properly and fall in love, do you have the face to be a human being? Let me tell you Song Li Li, in the past, this is a style problem, style problem is a big deal, do you understand? If you're a hooligan, the court can sentence you!"
  
  Song Xiaobao was a bit anxious, "I told you I didn't!"
  Mrs. Song: "Then why don't you write for others? You must have problems yourself!"
  
  Faced with an unreasonable grandmother, Song Xiaobao also had to yell and mouth off, "He wangbang looks at green beans, how would I know!"
  Old Mrs. Song keenly caught her speech disorder: ''Oh, you're finally telling the truth, aren't you? You're looking at green beans? Seeing eye to eye, right?"
  
  Song; "......"
  Speaking or writing, but where she wants to quote allusions, idioms or epigrams, nine out of ten times are donkey lips do not match the horse's mouth, she has not felt what a big deal, but also the old self-deprecating that this is the use of creativity, and this time finally buried alive with their own creativity.
  
  Seeing that she did not have the slightest intention of repentance, Mrs. Song rolled up her sleeves and intended to gentlemanly action without moving her mouth, Wei Qian, which was not panicked, stepped in and stopped, said to the grandmother, "Don't you still have to get up early tomorrow? Go to bed early, I told her ...... okay, not so serious, you then give gas out of high blood pressure - you, come with me."
  
  Thanks to Wei Zhiyuan's blessing, everything seemed less serious in Wei Qian's eyes now.
  
  Song Xiaobao glanced hatefully at the trouble-seeking tabloid in her big brother's hand, and decided that she would find out who the stupid writer was and make sure to cut him off.
  
  Xiao Bao walked into the bedroom like the office of the director of the big brother's teaching, closed the door and began to complain bitterly, crackling account of his whole day's schedule, and how this inexplicably humiliating love letter was stuffed into her schoolbag to make a reasonable speculation, and finally swore to the heavens to make a stand: "I really did not fall in love early! I really don't know what's going on here, Grandma's framing me!"
  When she finished, she anxiously observed her big brother's reaction, "...... Brother?"
  
  Wei Qian kept his head lowered as if he was listening to her, but Xiaobao, with her knowledge of him, knew that he couldn't be so patient, and when he didn't speak for a long time, he was most likely lost in thought.
  
  Wei Qian was called back to his soul by her cry, jerked his head up, and popped out a sentence in front of him, "The one who wrote this for you, is a man?"
  
  Thinking that something was wrong with his ears, Bao couldn't help but stretch his neck and asked blankly, "Huh?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Did a male student write this for you?"
  Feeling like she was in the wrong channel, Po inexplicably said, "That, that should, should be right? Otherwise?"
  
  Wei Qian sadly realized that he really did not have any anger in his heart, and even vaguely had a kind of "thank God, it's good that it's a man" weird sense of comfort.
  
  He twisted his fingers, thinking about cigarettes again, and waved his hand airily at Song Xiaobao: "Alright, I know, go ahead, if you don't have it, you don't have it, I'll trust you this time, and it won't happen again."
  
  Song Xiaobao was so amnestied and released, before leaving, she found Wei Qian touched out the cigarette case again, after a pause, couldn't help but say more, "Brother, the doctor said to let you smoke less, he also said that your lungs are smoked into the husband and wife's lungs."
  Wei Qian said in a good humor, "Get out of here, you guys cause less trouble and let me live for two more years than anything else."
  
  Wait a minute... ...... What do you mean "you guys"?
  Song Xiaobao's ears perked up, feeling as if she had heard some extraordinary insider/insider news - could it be that her second brother, who was as gentle and respectful as a benchmark for inspirational texts all year round, had also gotten into trouble?
  The thought of it made her mood soar in an unaccountable way, and a certain gloating pleasure rose in her heart.
  
  Since Song Xiaobao s classmates have run away from home once, the more and more the heart has a heaven and earth wide ...... short of no skin and no face up. See big brother did not pursue, soon give some sunshine will be bright again.
  This splendor, the words in her heart were like the intestines of a bird, none of which could be held for too long.
  
  The next day is Saturday, Xiaobao in the bear sister-in-law's recommendation to find a more professional dance teacher, quite like that to learn, so early in the morning to catch the bus to the teacher, she took a ride on Wei Zhiyuan's bike to the bus station.
  On the way, Bao heckled her dear big brother to pack up and sell him.
  
  Song Xiaobao: "Second brother, what have you gotten yourself into lately? Tell me and let's all grow up together, okay?"
  Wei Zhiyuan realized that his king had sent a spy to report on the situation, and changed the subject after immobilizing and prevaricating, "What can I do? Didn't brother scold you last night?"
  
  "Ahahaha, not at all." Song Xiao Bao sat in the backseat with a wobble, "I was so scared last night that my legs cramped up, but it turned out that brother was a good talker."
  Then, without waiting for Wei Zhiyuan to ask, she consciously learned the causes and consequences of the incident.
  
  In the end, Song Xiaobao summarized his statement, "Actually, I think brother he was a bit off yesterday, God was not at home, and later asked me a particularly hilarious remark."
  Wei Zhiyuan: "What did he ask you?"
  Song Xiao Bao: "He asked me if the one who wrote me a love letter is a guy, what is it if it's not a guy? You say this can be how fresh which ...... ouch!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan handlebar a shiver, the bike directly turned into a pit on the side of the road, good in his skill, stretching his feet to support a little, and rode out, at least Song Xiaobao did not fall in.
  
  Song Xiaobao patted his chest and said with palpitations, "Scared me to death scared me to death, what are you doing, Second Brother?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stretched out his feet to support the bicycle and said simply, "Here it is, here comes the car, go quickly."
  Song Xiaobao look, really is the bus she wants to sit just to the station, immediately too late to pursue, pick up the schoolbag jumped out of the car, like a wild dog out of the reins will be running over.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was thrilled to maintain not losing his temper, but his palms were already drenched in cold sweat.
  He suddenly realized where his big brother's perversity had come from the day before, and that he had gotten carried away for a moment and risked stealing a kiss from him!
  That ...... that big brother felt it at that time or not?
  When he thought of the loopholes he had left behind, Wei Zhiyuan's scalp simply went numb.
  
  The question is how exactly did Big Brother find out?
  That's not right.
  
  In the next few days, Wei Zhiyuan no longer dare to act rashly, until a week later, Mr. Zhang's side came to the notice, said that the pre-sale license can be taken down in less than a month.
  The three shareholders will soon have to do a stage of work summary, Wei Qian thinks he is almost well, rushed to the field, Wei Zhiyuan only found the opportunity.
  
  In the dead of night, Wei Zhiyuan sneaked into Wei Qian's room alone, rummaged up and down, and finally, finally found the damning magazine in one of the bottom drawers.
  
  As one of the few books that had ever been opened and flipped through by him, Wei Zhiyuan recognized it at once.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan want to break the head also did not understand, this thing at first how to escape the carpet search like their own dead, more unthinkable is, how so coincidental, he himself searched several times his own territory are not looking for things, so inch, head on into the hands of his brother.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan reset everything, and a sentence finally flashed through his mind that was enough to describe his current mood-
  Eejit, this is the death of Chu in heaven, not a crime of war!
  
  Wei Qian this away, until the time to submit the dissertation to come back a trip, he hurriedly landed a foot, hand in the dissertation defense a series of things to do, and then ran away again.
  
  And that time, despite being back for just two days, he actually brought gifts for everyone.
  
  Wei Qian's vocabulary does not include the word "gift", so Wei Zhiyuan was shocked when he received the basketball with the signature of a player he had no interest in knowing who it was.
  But Wei Zhiyuan inclined his head and realized that his elder brother was observing his reaction with some sort of tentative look, and the teenager hurriedly reflexively put on a slightly innocent smile to appease him, pretending that he was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed it.
  
  At the same time, Wei Zhiyuan heart is sort of understand - big brother do not know how to come to this conclusion, that he is a lack of love before embarking on "
------------

Reading in sections 45

Wicked Path."
  
  And the succession of explicit and implicit family conflicts seems to have dealt a considerable blow to Wei Qian, who attempts to improve his image as the big dictator/dictator in the family.
  
  When Xiao Bao was jumping around in the house wearing the new clothes Wei Qian had brought back, Wei Zhiyuan watched as Wei Qian stiffened his wrinkled eyebrows and tried to put on a benevolent attitude.
  ...... Although he may have misunderstood "kind", his demeanor looked like a "smiley face", as if he was ready to stand up and make his usual cynical comments.
  
  Song Xiao Bao had gotten used to her brother's lack of a good face and snide remarks, and after waiting all this time, and then never having waited, she finally got unused to it.
  Before Wei Qian picked up his traveling bag once more and left, Xiao Bao came forward and asked in a good-natured curt manner, "Brother, why didn't you talk about me when you came back this time?"
  Wei Qian: "What did I say about you? What did you do again?"
  
  Song Xiaobao said baldly in passing, "Oh, my midterm exam language is one point short of a failing grade, the parents signed to let the second brother on behalf of the signature."
  Wei Qian looked up at her badly, and Song Xiaobao then realized what was happening and covered her mouth in panic.
  
  As you can imagine, due to Song Xiaobao's relentless efforts to destroy it, Wei Qian's "kind" mask will eventually end up with no bones left.
  
  When Wei Qian came back from leisure again, time had already crossed from the height of summer to the end of the year again, and the pre-sale of their short and quick residential project was packaged by Mr. Zhang in a very upscale way, and the whole fall had passed, and all that was left to do was just some sweeping up work - when the next year's spring started, the project could be inspected and accepted right away, and the sale was almost at the end of the day.
  
  They put up thirty million dollars, and later the old bear got more than ten million one after another, a total of more than forty million invested, according to the current form, basically more than double more than doubled.
  The old bear was as happy as a ladybird, and returned with Wei Qian and Three Fatty in high spirits.
  
  They barely jumped to reach it, and eventually stepped through the threshold.
  
  On the day of his return, the old bear was just like returning home with his chest out, and said with great emotion to Sanfat and Weiqian: "You two boys really give me a long face this time ah, I'll be able to hold my head up in front of your sister-in-law in the future! In the future,......, I will not ask her to prepare slippers for me like Japanese women, every day to welcome the master home, at least give me a few smiles, this is not too much, right? This is what a man should live ah!"
  San Fatty and Wei Qian simultaneously twisted their faces to the side - how out of place was this!
  
  The old bear: "Well, our brothers and sisters in this lifetime military crisis is a beginning, this period of time we have worked hard, go home to recuperate for a few days, the weekend said, come out to celebrate the success! Oh, by the way, Qian'er, wear beautiful point to, your sister-in-law has been thinking of introducing you to the object it."
  
  Three Fatty's eyes lit up, "Brother Bear, what about me?"
  
  The old bear patted his stomach, "Introducing you to an advertiser, asking you to shoot an advertisement for a special effect diet pill - forty million dollars! Just forty million dollars! Losing ten pounds is not a dream! No money back even if you can't lose it ......"
  
  It was afternoon when Wei Qian arrived home, and Old Mrs. Song welcomed him: "You're back! What do you want to eat? Grandma will make it for you."
  Wei Qian had just put his things down, and before he had time to speak, he saw the door to Wei Zhiyuan's house open, and his younger brother, who was becoming more and more worrisome and provocative, flashed a warm smile at him, "Brother."
  
  Wei Qian froze for a moment, then reacted, "Hey, why are you at home? Didn't go to school?"
  
  Mrs. Song said staggeringly, "The competition has won several awards! I don't know what the awards are, but I'm sure he's number one, isn't he, Xiaoyuan? He's just like you, he doesn't have to take the college entrance exams... Alas, the smoke from his grave must have traveled thirty miles!"
  
  "Then it'll be a forest fire." Wei Qian turned to Wei Zhiyuan, "When did this happen, why didn't you tell me about it?"
  
  Song old lady began to stagger again, "This kid said you are busy, do not let us take this small matter to bother you ...... hey you say this child, this is a small matter? This in the old country is to set up a banquet!"
  Wei Zhiyuan bent down to help Wei Qian carry the suitcase into the house and said lightly, "It was nothing in the first place."
  
  This also spoiled on, Wei Qian heart a child big not by father's heartache, more let him heartache is, small far this child simply, what all good, favor ......
  By the way, has he gotten over that problem or not?
  
  Wei Zhiyuan help him pack things, Wei Qian as if nothing happened to test him a sentence: "You this also graduated from high school, later even adults, want to do what, I will no longer over mouth tube you ...... Well, hand over a girlfriend is also OK."
  Wei Zhiyuan was reaching his hand toward a dozen scattered paper documents, when he heard this, his hand fell in mid-air, right over the back of Wei Qian's hand, "Brother, I don't plan on finding a girlfriend."
  
  Wei Qian's heart tightened.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his head to look at him, his eyes were deep, as if there was a deep and shallow world hidden inside, however, after a moment of silence, he still retracted his hand, at the same time, he gave a very healthy and upward reason: "Studying and doing a little bit more professional practice is what's more important, right? Time is so precious, I don't want to get into a relationship so early."
  
  Wei Qian nodded his head emotionally and thought with a little stomach ache: it is still not well, worrying ah.
  At the same time, Wei Zhiyuan lowered his eyes, some melancholy thought: so touching his hand did not even a little reaction, is not at all to that side of the thought? I'm worried.
  
  In the evening, as soon as Bao returned, she staggered around asking her brother for a present.
  Wei Qian smiled to himself, "Come on, after giving it once, the second time you'll ask for it yourself - threw it on your bed, see for yourself."
  
  Song rejoiced.
  Old Mrs. Song couldn't help but ask, "Why are you so late today? Have you eaten?"
  
  "Eat, eat with Lulu sister, oh I also saw Xiong brother, he also do not know what is wrong, today when he came home pouting stomach, mouth skimming, like a landlord old man, the results of the Lulu sister threw her hand, and he said 'cooking to go', Xiong brother on a second to change the long work, gray slinking wash dishes and cooking He went."
  
  "Lulu" is Mrs. Xiong, whose name is Chen Lu, so fresh that it reminds you of a small flower budding in the first light of morning.
  
  Unfortunately ...... names lie.
  
  "Lulu sister can be good, but she said to me today: 'Xiao Bao you seventeen, I thirty-four, there are two of you so big, you don't call me sister with them oily, call me godmother got' ...... oops! This is really nice, thank you brother - then I told her: 'hahahaha, sister you don't tease, that's not the difference between generations, you are equal to indirectly take advantage of my brother ah!'"
  This girl talking work, take off the coat and change shoes, and ran to their own house to see the gift, fussed about some of their own to pick up their own words, a series of actions and background sound in one fell swoop, she followed the Song old lady, became the family and a big chatterbox, basically no one else interjecting room, she can play a one-act play love and hate love and hate, a one-woman drama.
  
  At first it sounded quite friendly, but later on, Wei Qian hated to sew up her chattering mouth.
  
  Turned to the weekend, Wei Qian first accompanied the parrot as noisy sister went out to dance a new pair of dancing shoes, and with the lack of love for his younger brother ran to the community center to play a game of one-on-one basketball - but the late obviously turned into Wei Zhiyuan accompanied him to play, Wei Qian's skills really can not, he can play with his peers for nearly zero time, the student era, all the contact with the Basketball opportunities are limited to not many physical education classes.
  Of all the sports, he was only still relatively proficient in wild fighting, yet sitting in an office all day in a suit, he suspected that in a few years the only thing he was proficient in would be deserted.
  
  Of course, this was not important, what was important was that Wei Qian wished to spend more time with Wei Zhiyuan, to be able to learn more about how he really thought.
  
  After this fulfilling day, Wei Qian went to Old Bear's banquet in the evening.
  Sister in law Xiong did not come, said that there is something temporary, and the introduction of the object of course, the matter is also unsettled ...... Wei Qian unexplained relief.
  
  He suspected that the old bear had come home too pleased with himself, and had been well tidied up by her ladyship, and the whole thing looked particularly haggard, with swollen eye-bubbles.
  From beginning to end, only three fat in the gag, the old bear's interest has not been high, and finally got drunk.
  
  The old bear drunk also do not make a scene, not a word sullenly sitting on the side, as if the ears are out of order, who speak also do not pay attention to.
  When the party finally broke up, Sanfat pushed him, "Brother Xiong, can I take a taxi to take you back? If you drink like this, can your sister-in-law let you in? Why don't you find a hotel and make do for the night?"
  
  When the old bear was pushed by him, he fell to the other side and crashed into Wei Qian.
  Wei Qian froze, but in the next moment, the old bear yanked up the hem of his coat and covered his face, bawling without warning.
  
  He cried his heart out, and in the end even his voice had become hoarse, almost like an indescribable, unbearable hiss and cry of pain given out from the depths of his soul, practically inhuman.
  It stunned Wei Qian and San Fatty.
  
  The two of them waited for him to pass out from crying and exhaustion before they carried the old bear together to find a temporary hotel to stay in, in the middle of which they considered a myriad of possibilities for tragedy-such as bankruptcy, a terminal illness, the death of both parents, being cuckolded, and so on.
  
  Anxious for a whole night, the result is that when this fat head fish gets up the next day, the two of them ask, and find that he has no impression at all.
  
  Dare to cry when drunk is the personal characteristic of this bastard, being wasted dare to three fat and Wei Qian angrily teamed up to beat him up, and then each went back to his own home.
  
  Wei Qian was going to go through the headache of fixing Wei Zhiyuan, and he decided that even after a long tug of war, he was going to break this kid back from his evil ways.
  It's a fight.



43. Chapter 43

  Wei Qian originally thought that when he got the university graduation certificate, he would be excited to sleep all night, in order to get his dream. But the actual situation is, his days were too chaotic, so much so that after a year, he remembered that he was not even able to attend the graduation ceremony.
  He thought he was crawling, but before he knew it, he was up and running.
  
  Old bear they have always had a company, but it seems to be very child's play, hired a bunch of temporary workers, most of the time they are a few people in the hands, selling tea on the registration of a so-and-so tea company, selling medical equipment on the name of so-and-so foreign trade company.
  
  They've amassed a messy collection of industries and an even messier collection of contacts in a guerrilla-like fashion.
  
  And just after Wei Qian and their first project involving large-scale capital, the old bear and the three of them finally sat down and rented a floor of a downtown office building, meticulously wrote out the charter, revised several drafts after the finalization, the formation of a formal company, and those cottage purse companies like a tea company and a foreign trade company have changed their names, unified brand, and formed a group.
  
  The earliest members of the actual only Lao Xiong, three fat and Wei Qian, and then as they expanded, recruited a number of people one after another, the whole company is like an inflated balloon, began to have a complex internal organs.
  Wei Qian, the three brothers and their state, but also gradually from "like a dead dog", to "the surface of the bright, but actually tired like a dead dog."
  The ship began to test the waters offshore.
  
  The next year, the old bear and they have done two or three short and quick small projects, not in the invisible shareholders, they are bright and square from behind the scenes to the front of the stage.
  Old Bear's ambition is also expanding with each passing day, and he seems to have a vague vision of the coming golden age.
  
  This is in public, in private, Wei Qian decided to break Wei Zhiyuan back words are not just for fun, he has never been a man of his word, as long as he made up his mind, he will immediately act.
  
  Wei Qian then after many inquiries, privately contacted a seemingly formal psychological institutions, and soon after the appointment, he ran over wearing a large sunglasses that could cover his face, describing his demeanor as sneakier than an underage girl having an abortion.
  
  As a result, the smiling tiger-like white coat collected the consultation fee and told him in a gentle voice: "Although homosexuality has not yet been recognized by law, it has been removed from sex/perversion two years ago in our country, and the situation you mentioned may just be a certain tendency of a teenager in the process of growth and development, and it may gradually disappear as he becomes more and more mature physically and mentally. Of course, it is also possible that he himself is a real homosexual, the cause may be very complex, we will discuss it later, but it brings a lot of psychological pressure to the teenager, the family more need to be treated scientifically, do not overreact, and slowly channeling only."
  
  When Wei Qian heard such professional words, he immediately asked with a ray of hope, "What about after the evacuation? Can I break it back?"
  
  The white lab coat smiled brightly and said in a pervasive tone, "Through patient counseling, the child will be able to erect enough self-confidence to openly face the fact that he or she is different from others, and finally find a path to happiness of his or her own."
  
  Wei Qian looked at this counselor, and then looked at the corner of the table ashtray, discreetly thinking, if an ashtray to this kid to open a will be how.
  
  After this experience, Wei Qian that these counselors are purely half-assed, not at all reliable, he got the so-called "scientific" answer, still refused to die, after a few days to find a big beautiful woman's wall calendar to the living room wall.
  Wei Qian this person taste is really worrying, the traditional sense of the Oriental beauty he is not accustomed to, so commissioned the three fat search.
  If Sanfat can be relied on, a sow can get up a tree.
  He did not know where to get a set of wall calendars, which a water of blonde blue-eyed big breasts, all bare chested, look all a mold carved out of the big eyes double eyelids, with a big smile on the Chinese people congratulations on wealth, live can flash blind people dog eyes.
  
  Wei Qian hung this picture in the living room, perfectly destroying the literary home atmosphere created by sister-in-law Xiong, immediately pulling the taste to the level of the urban and rural areas, the entire home began to permeate a "donkey meat barbecue store opened for good luck," the "festive" smell.
  Wei Qian attempted to awaken Wei Zhiyuan's interest in women with basic carnal/lust, but as a result, before Wei Zhiyuan had the chance to comment, Mrs. Song quit first, and she sank her breath into her throat, "Aigoo my mom, how come all these women are running out in a pair of pants? Who hung them? What? Your brother? I think your brother is fed up, the more he lives, the more he goes back! This is outrageous, take it off!"
  
  They then took advantage of Wei Qian's absence to take down the wall calendar, and Song Xiaobo hastened to take the opportunity to chuck in some personal items and hang up the Japanese and Korean male celebrities that had just become popular.
  When Wei Qian came home at night and pushed the door, he saw Wei Zhi
------------

Reading in sections 46

Standing far away at the base of the wall, surveying the group of greasy little white men on the wall, Big Brother was out of his mind with indignation.
  
  He sauntered over to him and asked with a sullen face, "Does it look good?"
  Wei Zhiyuan turned his head with a bit of a meaningful smile and gave him a deep look, "Generally, I've seen better looking ones."
  
  Wei Qian was shocked by the amount of information in his words, bitter bile shivered up, immediately put the small treasure hanging white boys rolled it rolled it put away and threw it away, at the same time decided to go to investigate Wei Zhiyuan usually with whom to deal with, what is the meaning of "have seen a better look"?
  What kind of vixen hooks up with teenagers to learn the hard way?
  
  Or a male vixen.
  What an egghead term that is.
  
  Finally, the New Year's calendar was hung with "Spring and Autumn", which is in line with Mrs. Song's aesthetic.
  ...... is still full of grounded, idyllic flavor.
  
  Both attempts were declared fruitless, and Weiqian subsided for a while before he learned from some irresponsible study that some gay men were caused by a lack of fatherly love and interaction with their fathers from an early age.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't possibly change a father for Wei Zhiyuan out of thin air, so he had to harden himself.
  Waiting for the spring flowers to bloom, taking advantage of the weekend, Wei Qian hard to squeeze out a day, decided to take Wei Zhiyuan to do some leisure sports belonging to men - fishing.
  
  Wei Qian squeeze out a whole day is not easy, his days in that period of time is quite soldierly, every day is the rhythm of overwork, there is no concept of overtime or not overtime, from the morning open eyes to the evening closed eyes, continuous rotation.
  He was vaguely back to the time when he had to start calculating how the whole day would go when he opened his eyes every morning.
  
  The day before he left, Wei Zhiyuan checked what he was going to bring one last time before going to bed.
  He was one of those people who never needed an alarm clock, he usually had a biological clock to get up on time, and if there was something he needed to get up extra early to do the next day, he would spontaneously wake up extra early, it was as if he had a clockwork in his body.
  Of course, there is a downside to this specialty, which is that he will tend to sleep poorly if he is thinking about getting up early the next day for something.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan woke up once at three o'clock, then lay down again after that, and began to dream.
  
  His dreams were fragmented, hardly a piece of the complete plot, and he dreamed of passing through many places, sometimes a speeding train, sometimes a dirty corner, sometimes a cramped, narrow room, all of which had a lid, all of which appeared to be dark, monotonous and dull in color.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hard to move on the bed, but did not wake up, his dream did not suddenly come out to scare him monster, also did not suddenly fall off the cliff, and he seems to be trapped in that long and real nightmare, the mood is not excited or fear, but just feel extremely depressed, with the same numbness as accustomed to.
  
  In the dream, he was always surrounded by all kinds of eyes, and all shapes and sizes of people who passed him were all blurred faces, and those people's flat faces were, as it were, only one pair of eyes, and the gaze of each pair of eyes was sinisterly betokened on him.
  Those sights were like small sesame-sized bugs, not deadly, but crawling slowly over him moment by moment, bringing an indescribable sense of wariness.
  
  All the sounds disappeared without a trace, all the touches were false and untrue, and with only those unsuspecting gazes as far as his eyes could reach, Wei Zhiyuan finally started to run.
  
  He "ran" himself awake.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan sat up from the bed in a sweat and pressed the bedside lamp - 4:45 AM.
  He paused, propped his elbows on his thighs, jerked a handful of sweat from his face, and sat there to calm his breathing.
  
  The chest seems to be blocked with a ball of cotton, and it is not easy to breathe. Wei Zhiyuan could no longer lie down and got up to wash.
  He saw himself in the mirror as he was now, tall and handsome, with shoulders that had grown in advance like drawn wings, moving with a vivid sense of power.
  
  Probably not having awakened from his nightmare, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly remembered an age-old event.
  He was ...... six years old then? Seven, I think, still wandering aimlessly anyway, and civilized society was like a wall between him, transparent and untouchable, but clearly and unmistakably refusing to let him in.
  
  One day he was resting on a street corner when he saw a man walking out of a small restaurant with two boxes of food. The disposable lunch boxes were probably a little unsturdy, and the man took a few steps and the bottom box leaked, and he was so burned that he let go of his hand, and the whole box of food knocked over all over the floor.
  
  The man cursed and turned to the restaurant to argue, the smell of food filled the air everywhere, the tantalizing aroma of the dishes was like poppies with a fatal attraction to a hungry child.
  Wei Zhiyuan really couldn't help himself and finally gathered enough courage to walk over silently.
  He squatted on the ground and secretly grabbed and picked it up with his hands to eat it. The one who was quarrelling spotted him and was instantly taken aback, his expression vivid in his mind - his eyes widened in anger and his sweaty hairs stood on end, as if he had seen a gutter rat, disgusted and abhorred.
  With that, the man cursed loudly, as if Wei Zhiyuan was not picking up the rice he dropped and eating it, but rather tainting his appetite.
  
  "Disgusting!" Wei Zhiyuan remembered the man saying this, and then he was unceremoniously kicked so hard that the hot vegetable soup that splashed up landed on the child's delicate skin and scalded the inside of his wrist, and to this day, there is still a scar there that is so small that it is barely noticeable.
  
  That's the invisible wall - he doesn't count as a person at all in people's eyes.
  
  Those who pitied him, pitied him like kittens and puppies; those who disliked him for his filth, hated him like wild cats and dogs; those who were unkind to him, like those who thought of eating cat and dog meat, maliciously assessed how much he weighed.
  
  They might think he was a little fool, or not quite sane; no one would think he was of normal or even superhuman intelligence, or even know that he even had human likes and dislikes.
  
  All the malice that was frankly etched on the surface of the earth, verbatim across Wei Zhiyuan's face, grew into his own malice from within.
  Hard to obliterate, hard to overcome.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan thought he had already forgotten, but these memories always appear at inopportune moments, as if there is a small screening room in his head, and from time to time, he will play some old movies, which are as vivid as yesterday.
  
  But it wasn't really yesterday after all.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stared indifferently at the scar on his wrist for a few seconds.
  
  To this day, he still hated the unexplained stares of others, yet he no longer feared them, and he was still aware of his morbid quest to be powerful, yet so what?
  The teenager thought that he would one day have the power to step on this world, and then there would be no one who could stop him, and he even dreamed wildly of being so powerful that he would influence the rules of this world.
  
  At this time, another person suddenly flashed in front of Wei Zhiyuan's eyes, and he was in a trance, as if he saw the face of the unknown pervert who had been lured step by step by him to the cold storage room to freeze to death. Legend has it that the human brain will automatically block out unpleasant memories, but Wei Zhiyuan's brain is like a cold hard disk that never lets him forget anything.
  
  What's the point of thinking about him all of a sudden? He's dead.
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled to himself and turned around to walk out of the bathroom, as soon as he came out he nearly bumped into Wei Qian.
  
  Wei Qian's footsteps are almost stumbling, the two of them about five o'clock in the morning to get up and leave, the result is that Wei Qian the first night to go home has been half past two in the middle of the night, hastily wash plus go sleepy can not sleep, it is estimated that when it is not easy to close your eyes, at least have to be more than three o'clock later.
  
  Wei Qian felt like he had just entered deep sleep when the sound of the alarm clock rudely burrowed into his brain, wiping out his delicate sleep in one fell swoop.
  
  It took an almost detoxifying amount of perseverance to get out of bed.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan watched as his brother was like a tumbler, swaying from left to right for a while, and when he accidentally hit the wall, Wei Qian almost slid down the wall and slept right at the root.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan caught his shoulder and gave him a hand, asking softly, "Why don't you sleep some more? Don't go today, right?"
  Wei Qian waved his hand without saying a word, struggled up and walked into the bathroom.
  
  It wasn't until the cold water stirred him up that Wei Qian came back to his senses a little bit, not a single cell in his body screaming that he didn't want to go out and wanted to go to sleep, yet he was still being collectively subdued.
  Wei Qian said, kid, brother for you but give up his life.
  
  Fishing place is generally in the suburbs, driving over to nearly two hours, Wei Qian just got a driver's license, bought a low-grade family sedan usually open. He has some money in his hand over the years, but still not much to spend on himself, not that he is young and calm nature, not vain, saint-like do not want to show off.
  Rather, he really wasn't rich enough to make himself feel secure.
  
  How much money does it take to feel secure?
  
  Wei Qian said not good, but he thought, with his own poor cultivation and shallow thinking, really one day, he may really do "drink a bowl down a bowl" and other profligate things.
  Poverty is engrained in his genes and directly affects the synthesis of every protein molecule in his body.
  
  On the other hand, Wei Zhiyuan on one side did not know whether he had not woken up or what, and had been propping up his chin, looking out the window without making a sound.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had never fished before, and Wei Qian was still a child-his stepfather and real mom were both still alive when Sanfat's dad took the three of them to play once.
  
  At that time three fat his father is still young, with the current three fat is a mold carved out, but also a mold carved out of the good temper and smooth talk, with three short and tall, fat and thin different little boys, boys walking while playing, three fat dad also do not care, just occasionally too much, only to turn back to maintain the order, in case they fall into the river.
  
  Sit down and wait for the fish on the hook, three fat dad and three fat two people, you a word I a word together behind the back of the bad three fat mom, like two turn over the serf to sing the poor people together to denounce the oppressive class of the master.
  
  Fishing, at times, is more like a "gentlemen's tea party" where they can get together and discuss women with impunity, complain about life and the perpetually troublesome children at home.
  
  The two men had not arrived very early, and someone had already set up a fishing rod, so they both found a little pavilion by the water where they could rest in the shade, sat on the steps, and set up their guy style.
  
  Wei Qian, with his thin experience, rustily taught Wei Zhiyuan how to hang bait on the hook, how to watch the fish drift, and how to dump the hook.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan has the intention to cheat, deliberately look clumsy, his brother had to pinch up a worm, holding his hand to help him load on the hook.
  The deathless earthworms hosted the sweetness that fell between the fingers, and the slightest bit of it, Wei Zhiyuan grasped the enjoyment of it.
  
  The fish float quietly on the surface of the water, the sun has not yet fully risen, Wei Qian remembered what San Fat his father squatted at the water's edge and said to them, so he learned it in passing to Wei Zhiyuan: "The fun of fishing lies in the process of anticipation."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan inclined his head and looked at him, "After half a day of anticipation, you can't catch a single fish? Isn't it disappointing to look forward to it for nothing?"
  Wei Qian choked for a moment, back then, none of the three of them silly boys had ever asked such a pointed question.
  
  He moved his brain, rusted from lack of sleep, and eventually failed to come up with a more educated sentence, so he had to honestly tell the truth: "That's probably pretty depressing too, but it's unlikely, fishponds are paid for these days, and if the owner is so unkind in business that he can't let anyone catch a single one, no one will come in the future."
  
  After saying that, Wei Qian stretched his back and leaned against a stone pillar, "But there's really nothing to be found, so just enjoy the lake and mountains."
  
  The sky grew cloudy, after a while, it even started to rain, they sat in the pavilion, but not afraid of being drenched by the rain, a small wind with water vapor rolled in from the lake, Wei Zhiyuan watched from the side as Wei Qian's open eyes closed little by little, and finally fell asleep with one hand on the fishing rod that was set up on the stand.
  
  The sound of rustling rain gradually connected to a line, the water of the fishpond is disturbed, and further away is a farmland, connected to the general wilderness blanket of the sky.
  
  The curtain of rain gradually covered his eyes, and the lake and mountains all blurred together.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had long since withdrawn his gaze and looked sideways intently at Wei Qian's quiet sleeping face.
  A few moments later, he carefully reached out his hand and tentatively touched Wei Qian's hair, Wei Qian didn't react and really fell asleep.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan lowered his head and joined two fingers, gently placed them on his mouth and kissed them reverently, then stretched out his arm and traced those two fingers seemingly across Wei Qian's lips.
  
  His face finally swept away the gloom to reveal a somewhat childish smile.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan straightened his legs, and the darkness that had been trapped and depressed in his heart since morning ambled obediently as if it had been briefly soothed.
  
  In this moment, he felt the "joy of anticipation" and saw the real "lake and mountains".
  
  Wei Qian was awakened by a sudden sinking of the rod in his hand, the tail cocked up and hit his arm, he hastily grabbed the tail of the rod, flicked his wrist with force, stood up, and retrieved the fishing line in a circle, a big fish of about two pounds that sank and floated at times was dragged to the shore.
  
  Wei Qian turned back to Wei Zhiyuan and said, "Give me the fish trap, where is it?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan bent down and pulled out the fish basket stuck in the mud on the bank and caught it, and the fish fell into the basket with the hook removed, moving restlessly for a few moments, and when Wei Zhiyuan soaked the basket back into the water, its tail whipped up a series of water droplets.
  
  Wei Qian woke up and was in a very good mood, he dreamed of the fish and in turn was awakened by the fish, which is a good omen.
  
  However, just as he sat back down again, before he could summarize his stage victory, Wei Zhiyuan spoke.
  He spoke in a flat voice over the pattering rain, "Brother, you actually know that I like guys, don't you?"
  


44. Chapter 44 

  Wei Qian eight winds did not move ...... and dropped the fishing rod into the water.
  
  He stared for a while at the shallow section of fishing rod floating on the surface of the water, the sound of the rain whispering in his ears.
  After a while, Wei Qian squatted down expressionlessly, pulled up his pants leg, stepped into the water with one foot, and fished the fishing rod back up again
------------

Reading in Sections 47

The
  
  Wei Zhiyuan has been next to him with a strange look, Wei Qian afterglow sweep, feel his eyes have a kind of heart like death frank and calm.
  Neither of them made a sound like a mime.
  Wei Qian retrieved the fishing line and hook, clutching the sharp fish float, as if unconsciously scribbling on the soft soil on the shore, every stroke, he counted in his heart, as if he wanted to force his jumping veins to smooth out and calm down.
  
  In the end, a turtle was left on the dirt floor with an extraordinarily large shell on its back, looking listless and tolerant.
  
  Wei Qian felt that there was a long sharp blade in his chest that could whistle for ages, so sharp that it could pierce through everything in front of him, and at this moment, there was nowhere for the sharp blade to rest, and he heard a "pfft" sound, and felt that his lungs had been poked through a hole.
  
  Wei Qian finally sat down slowly, drew out a few pieces of paper and slowly wiped the water droplets that covered the end of the fishing rod, and only after a while did he deliberately soften his voice a bit so as to sound reasonable and speak, "You're deliberately trying to piss me off, aren't you?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was silent.
  
  Wei Qian: "I want to hear what you think."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stared at him with that strange gaze for a while before saying softly, "There's someone I've liked for years, didn't dare to let him know, didn't dare to let anyone know, every day ...... every day engraved in my heart once - -I know what you're going to say, brother, your argument is exactly the same as my high school headmaster, you just want to say that even the most deeply engraved feelings will change in time, right?"
  
  Wei Qian's words to his mouth were snatched by him, so he had to shut up in a depressed manner.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took a deep breath and revealed an odd smile: "But a person is always piled up by the past, you let who uniquely live in your heart? You try to know, heart loaded with him for a month, that month is his, loaded with him for a year, that whole year is his, and then even if the time has really changed, so what? He has become a part of me."
  
  Wei Qian carefully experience, feel their hearts filled with chicken and garlic livelihood, messy is a live poultry market, which also put down the people so big things it?
  He had to fret and emphasize, "Part of you is made up of cells and tissues that have nothing to do with another carbon-based organism, don't try to put me off with this bullshit analogy - now you're done?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gave him a hopeless look and nodded.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but incline his head to avoid Wei Zhiyuan's gaze, he didn't know if Wei Zhiyuan was like this when he talked to other people, anyway, when Wei Zhiyuan talked to him, he always liked to look him straight in the eyes, and this kind of prolonged, unobstructed stare would make even the softest of gazes become aggressive, and give people the illusion as if there was no way to escape.
  
  Wei Qian touched a cigarette from his pocket and lit it, sighing like exhaling a mouthful of white smoke, his temper seems to have been smoothed out by the time and the long pull, only the words can be heard between the lines a little depressed anger: "So let me say what I think, I can't understand it, I can't accept it, I have this attitude even if you say out of the flower. Wei Zhiyuan students I suggest you go out and ask around, ten parents nine will not accept, the remaining one is mostly not pro-life ......"
  
  He said here, completely in passing, the words fell before reacting to what he had just balanced out, Wei Qian immediately froze for a moment, and somewhat awkwardly rubbed his nose ...... This one does not seem to be pro life either.
  
  After a while, the two suddenly laughed out together, and the atmosphere that had seemed a bit tense just then abruptly dissipated.
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Brother, are you angry and confused?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Yes, I tell you, if this is Song Xiaobao, I would have big ear scrape paste up, what time not time, a hammer hit you a memory loss youth, a year a month? A second you do not need to remember."
  
  Speaking of this, Wei Qian slowly converged on the smile: "You grew up with more than her heart, and now also so big, I will not use against her that set against you. I don't know if you remember, in fact, I also walked a crooked path when I was a child, and now I think about it, part of the reason is that there is no way, there is also some ...... probably unconvinced. At that time it was your third brother and ...... and hemp brother pulled me back, now can I pull you back?"
  
  After a few moments of not being able to wait for Wei Zhiyuan's reply, Wei Qian: "I'm begging you, okay? Xiao Yuan, a lifetime will pass in the blink of an eye, living well is still difficult, why do you have to be so maverick to find yourself uncomfortable?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was silent, he suddenly lost the mood of those previous trials, his heart surged with indescribable sadness.
  He'd rather his unknown big brother jump up and slap him, or simply order him to go find a girlfriend and come back tomorrow, like he'd ordered Bo to cut his hair two years ago, say no more.
  
  Nor ...... would he like to see him say such things with indescribable helplessness, hollowed out like a real grown man.
  
  Wei Qian reached out and twisted the rainwater that had gotten on his fingertips, "Xiao Yuan, are you like this because I didn't get off to a good start? Is it because I have been ......"
  Wei Zhiyuan cut him off, "Brother, stop talking."
  
  Wei Qian gazed blankly and distantly at the surface of the vaporized pond, "I'm sorry for all of you."
  He neglected his family so much that he didn't even know how Wei Zhiyuan experienced a light and strange youth ......
  However he really did his best.
  
  At that moment, Wei Zhiyuan almost wanted to jump up and hug him regardless, wanting to pour out all the pent-up longing in his heart.
  However, when the words came to his lips, he managed to hold them back, the thousand pounds of his heart being pulled back narrowly by a hair-thin thread of reason, and, in the end, the slightest hint of it was not revealed.
  
  Not yet, his heartstrings, taut with the veins on the backs of his hands, told him.
  
  Later, when the rain stopped, Wei Qian and the others walked toward the parking place with a fish basket and a few pounds of small carp.
  
  The clear sky of the party poured out a large amount of afterglow, dragging Wei Qian's shadow long on the ground, Wei Zhiyuan kept his head lowered, and followed the thinly drawn and twisted shadow step by step.
  
  With every step, he said in his mind, as if venting, "I like you, I like you just the way you are."
  He had been just chanting silently the whole way.
  
  Wei Qian threw the fishing gear into the trunk and suddenly remembered something, turned around and caught Wei Zhiyuan off guard, "What's that one you like? What does it do?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't expect him to suddenly ask this, for a moment he nearly blurted out the words he was reciting in his heart, he bit the tip of his tongue fiercely, his face was pale, almost jaw-dropping, and for a moment he ran out of words.
  It looked like panic defending someone.
  
  Wei Qian saw his appearance, his heart sank, he really didn't see that this younger brother of his was actually still an infatuated seed.
  
  An unsourced resentment suddenly hit him, Wei Qian thought, what about that person is so good? Worth when you in front of me also such a hundred shirking defense?
  
  Suddenly, he could not restrain himself from missing the old days when he was poor and desperate, at least when they were together and dependent on each other, there was not this unspecified, phantom-like ubiquitous "outsider" in the middle of them, and they were all obedient, silly, and always in need of him as a brother.
  
  It was only then that Wei Qian realized that one day, these little cubs would finally grow up to be adults, and when they got their wings hardened, they would each go far away.
  He slowly pulled out of the suburban wilderness, the green wheat seedlings following the wind like waves, and he felt a heavy, unbroken loneliness.
  
  Since then, Wei Qian and Wei Zhiyuan couldn't help but jointly avoid the topic; they maintained an outward calm, but inside it was as if they were frozen in a stalemate, with neither one being able to convince the other.
  
  And that's how it went on for another little six months in a different way.
  That day Wei Qian was in his own office on half a cup of tea, hastily swallowing a loaf of bread for breakfast, ready to start a full day's work, when SanFat suddenly came in, "Qian'er, Mr. Zhang is here."
  
  Wei Qian didn't react for a moment, "Which Mr. Zhang?"
  
  "That one," said Three Fatty, gesturing, "that nominal shareholder when we did the first project, always holding the paradigm that he wants to go to heaven to build spaceships, but in reality, he can talk even more than I can - Xiong asked us to go over there. Xiong asked us to go over there, so hurry up."
  
  Mr. Zhang this person, is a noble and cold people crazy, the beginning of the extreme bad contact, all the time not to pretend as the first priority of life, but some understanding, and then let a person find him from the extraterrestrial generally do not eat the nature of the world.
  
  He's a big fan of conception, and every time the word "conception" is mentioned, he gets so excited he gets nails up his ass.
  
  At the moment, Mr. Zhang is enthusiastically in the old bear's office to deliver his personal speech, its tall talk no one can insert into the mouth, quite some Mrs. Bear's style - thanks to the old bear early by his defeated wife tuned / taught out, even a little bit of impatience does not mean.
  
  As soon as Mr. Zhang saw Wei Qian and SanFat, he stood up in a hurry, ignoring Wei Qian's outstretched hand, and gave him a hug like a fake foreign devil, the cologne on his collar drilled into Wei Qian's nose without any warning, it's almost the same as mustard oil, leaping up his nose to wake up his brain, Wei Qian hurriedly took half a step back, twisted his face and sneezed, "Sorry Brother Zhang, I'm a little bit of a cold in the past two days. "
  
  Mr. Zhang smiled tolerantly, following which he ignored Sanfat's intention to give him a hug as a local custom, grabbed Sanfat's pig's hoof with both hands, and shook it up and down a bit, "Mr. Tan!"
  
  Three Fatty's facial expression was a bit paralyzed, feeling like he was being discriminated against in some subtle way.
  
  Mr. Zhang came all the way here to look for someone to cooperate on a new project, which is said to be a seascape vacation villa project in C. The old bear feasible report has not yet turned over the catalog, and Mr. Zhang has already blown up the sky.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but interrupt him for a moment and questioned, "I'm sorry Brother Zhang, I have to interrupt, I've heard that place crashed once in the entire region some years ago, do you think there's really any value left in investing over there?"
  
  "Good question." Mr. Zhang slapped the armrests of his chair, "I appreciate this kind of hit and miss from Mr. Wei the most. But do you know what's unrepeatable for rich people nowadays? It's health and environment ah! Scarce seascape and negative oxygen ions are our gimmicks, I also plan to use the nearby economic forest to develop some vacation and entertainment projects, and use a similar model of convalescent tourism to make this project, the annual return on capital I've calculated can be as high as 200% or more, do you guys believe it?"
  
  The old bear bowed his head in silence, Wei Qian and San Fat glanced at each other, both saw the same message in each other's expressions: the idiot got up in the morning and forgot to take his medicine again.
  
  Last time they looked at Mr. Zhang's connections, and he cooperated with him once, strictly speaking that cooperation was very pleasant, Mr. Zhang's attention is still mainly focused on the commercial street, for the style of the surrounding residential did not engage in too many moths.
  But even so, the concept of "this person is unreliable" had already penetrated into Wei Qian's heart.
  
  The man was well-born, well-capitalized, and at liberty to spoil it, causing him to be all idealistic and stinky.
  It certainly doesn't matter that his emotional intelligence is extremely low, or that he's extremely bad at reading people's faces - what's fatal is that he's using the imagination of writing novels and the romance of drawing comics to make a real business out of it.
  
  Since the past partners have come to the door, the old bear, even if it is purely for the sake of giving face, is to bring people to follow Mr. Zhang.
  
  The next day, just in time for the National Day holiday, they boarded the plane to C City without any concept of vacation.
  
  Just before the airplane took off that instant, Wei Qian heart suddenly "thump", he did not think about it, because the rise and fall of weightlessness overweight when people will not be too comfortable.
  Once again, he ignored his magical premonition.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was at school at the time, and Xiao Bao was baring his teeth and doing homework that he couldn't understand.
  Asako's mother had come to visit his house and was winding up a roll of wool with the help of Mrs. Song-she hoped to knit a pair of woolen mittens for each of them before winter came.
  Asako's mother's burned hand is not very sharp, can not break the teeth, and slow action, other people knitting sweater is a few sticks caught in the hand up and down, but she can only be one stitch by one stitch hard to knit, and sometimes will be leaning on the threads will fall off, and sometimes will be because of the leakage of a needle and break a small hole.
  
  Xiaobao spoke to them with a hitch, "I want to go for art specialization in the college entrance exam, and Lulu-san said that I should be able to, so that the cultural course requirements can be a little lower."
  
  Mrs. Song said nonchalantly, "You'll be able to pass the exam if it's lower, huh? At least it has to be much lower."
  
  "You guys don't keep splashing me with cool water!" Xiao Bao quit, after a while, she added weakly, "It's really low much better ...... Hey, Aunt, your lips are dry and bursting, let me pour you a glass of water?"
  
  Old Mrs. Song hurriedly stopped her, "Don't get up, I'll just go, you, just study well, you don't need to be in charge of things at home."
  
  She said, hanging the propped up wool over the back of her chair, and looking a little sluggish in her actions, she stood up, and smiled at Asako's mom.
  Suddenly, Old Mrs. Song rubbed her temples and complained in a low voice, "Once I got up, I got up violently, and I'm still a bit dizzy."
  Without looking up, Bao said, "You might have a little low blood pressure, just eat more."
  Mrs. Song: "How can I eat more than your little cat food."
  
  The corners of Xiaobao's mouth drooped down, "My dance teacher doesn't let me eat, she always thinks I'm fat, where do I ......"
  
  Her words came to an abrupt end with a loud bang as Mrs. Song somehow tripped over a chair leg, and this old lady, who had always been sharp on her legs, fell solidly to the ground in a big horse slump.
  
  And she never got up again.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was alone in a classroom, he recently applied to the school to form a "network security and program research" small club, just recruited a few people, has not yet become a scale, he wanted to take out his previous things as an example, is debugging, received a phone call from Xiaobao.
  
  His word "hello" had not yet fallen, Xiaobao's crying voice had suddenly come out from the phone, Wei Zhiyuan carefully differentiated twice, before realizing that the sentence mixed in her crying voice was "Why is big brother's phone off the hook".
  
  Wei Zhiyuan frowned, "He should not have landed by now, how do you
------------

Sectionalized reading 48

Up? Don't cry."
  Song Xiao Bao could hardly restrain himself from huffing and puffing several times, breaking off and struggling to make sense of things.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan listened to her half-saying and already packed up his things and stood up: "Don't move her, have you called an ambulance? Did you call an ambulance? Call one. Calm down. Why are you crying? There are several thousand dollars in cash in the cabinet under the living room, don't forget to bring the money with you when the ambulance comes, do you hear me? I'll be right there. ......"
  
  Mrs. Song was quickly sent to the hospital, and when Wei Zhiyuan arrived, she had already been pushed into the operating room.
  Xiao Bao raised his rabbit-like eyes and looked up blankly at Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan tried dialing Wei Qian's phone once, it was on, but no one answered.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan exhaled softly, "Tell me, what was going on at that time?"
  Song Xiaobao found the backbone as if he had found the backbone and explained the cause and effect.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan listened in silence, foreboding that Mrs. Song is not a minor problem, I'm afraid that this time, I can't have a scare.
  He stood up and patted Xiao Bao's head, "Okay, I know, it's okay, don't be afraid, you stay here and keep watch, I'll go out and get some more money."
  
  Xiaobao eyed his back with tears in her eyes, feeling that he was becoming more and more like her big brother.
  
  Wei Qian has arrived in C city, looking for a hotel to land, and went straight to the project site, the phone fell in the hotel, missed Wei Zhiyuan several calls.
  
  Mr. Zhang and the old bear in front of the walk, Mr. Zhang bragging, what this to build a golf course, there to build a spa sanatorium, which also want to introduce is not Japan or South Korea's anti-cancer physical therapy, the whole one sky-high.
  They walked up to the high ground and looked down, and found that the large economic forest halfway up the mountain was sparsely populated, with hardly a few houses in sight, and only a little further down were farmers still cultivating their fields.
  
  Three Fatty and Wei Qian lagged two steps behind, and Wei Qian whispered, "I think it's all redundant."
  San Fatty sighed, "Don't mention it, at least it's a convalescence and you can buy some fresh fruits to go back. How come this Zhang's whimsy is worse than the last time I saw him?"
  
  Wei Qian smiled a little and was just about to reply when the old bear in front of him suddenly inclined his head and Wei Qian saw the expression on his side face.
  Wei Qian's expression suddenly froze, several years of cooperation in the wind and rain, he has been able to judge what he is thinking through the old bear's demeanor - how, what does this mean? Can't Old Xiong hear that this project is unreliable?
  Does he mean that he's going to lead everyone into the fire this time?
  
  However, the old bear after all calm, even if the demeanor and expression has betrayed him in the acquaintances, but still end of the day, did not give a positive or negative answer, only with the general manager of the Zhang excuses that we need to study a little more.
  
  Wei Qian was just anxious to see what kind of wrong tendon in the old bear's brain when he saw the ten or so missed calls on his cell phone spread out on the hotel bed.
  
  Mrs. Song had a sudden cerebral infarction, and after the long hours of surgery had passed, she was pushed out and transferred directly to the intensive care unit, where her life and death were unknown.
  The money Wei Zhiyuan had fetched earlier came in handy.
  
  Wei Qian booked a night flight that night and folded back, straight to the hospital, only had time to hastily instruct the three fat a sentence: "Never pull the old bear, do not let him ghost."
  


45. Chapter 45 

  Weiqian arrived home at 3:30 in the morning.
  He stood in the doorway pinched the bridge of the nose, first to the door inhaled deeply, and slowly spit it out. The long way home, he was all the way anxious gradually subsided, replaced by, from the bottom of his heart do not want to push the door into the home.
  
  Of course, you can't go in without it.
  
  Gently open the door, the living room soft reading lamp but lit, Wei Qian a stunned, to a probe, saw Wei Zhiyuan is sitting on the sofa flipping through a modern Chinese dictionary like a fat book, face hangs a pair of bright black circles, raised his head to him and smiled a little.
  
  Wei Qian lowered his voice and asked, "Why aren't you sleeping?"
  "Waiting for you," Wei Zhiyuan said, standing up, "Have you eaten? There's nothing else, nothing else at home, I'll cook you a bowl of frozen dumplings, right?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Why are you waiting for me, I can't cook if I want to eat it myself?"
  Wei Zhiyuan boiled water without looking back, "I'm afraid you'll be in a hurry."
  
  Wei Qian took a red-eye flight for more than four hours, and then rushed home from the airport, nearly an hour of driving, every muscle in his body is sore, by rights should be extremely tired, but he is used to this kind of situation, and almost do not think about "tired" aspect.
  
  But the fact that there was someone waiting for him at home in the dead of night seemed to jerk his spine at once.
  Wei Qian sat down with his butt on a small stool in the dining room, his arched back pressed against the cold wall, his shirt crumpled into a ball, and his open collar revealing his clavicle that looked more and more protruding and his pronounced neck tendon.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan put the frozen dumplings down into the boiling water, turned to a cup of water, pinched a small handful of lotus hearts and put them in it to soak away, and handed it to Wei Qian: "Defeat the fire."
  
  Wei Qian leaned bonelessly in the middle of the corner between the locker and the wall, and asked with a somewhat wooden expression, "How's it going?"
  
  "Into the ICU, just finished surgery today, temporarily can not visit," Wei Zhiyuan pulled a chair next to him to sit down, "Today I talked to the doctor, he said that after a few days the situation can be a little more stable, every day you can arrange for half an hour of family visitation time, don't you be anxious, anxious is also It's useless."
  
  Wei Qian then understood what he meant - yes, there is no use being anxious, this is a matter of life and death.
  
  He kept quiet, drinking the lotus heart infused water, so bitter it numbed his tongue.
  
  He always thought that Mrs. Song was a dynamite packet ready to blow up a bunker, but forgot that the packet was already over seventy years old.
  
  Some years ago she accidentally slipped and fell, but apart from startling the passers-by, nothing happened and she got up again by herself. After that incident, she even proudly boasted that a fall was no big deal, and that when she was young she could throw over two hundred pounds of sacks onto the car by herself, and she didn't know if that was true or bragging.
  
  In order to save a few dollars, she walked out of ten miles every week, to the morning market to carry them to eat a week of vegetables home, ten pounds or even twenty pounds is often the case, the young man carry up feel pressure hand, she carried all the way back, never take the bus.
  She is famous for saying that they won't make a dime out of my pocket.
  ...... even though they are no longer short of money.
  
  Her decades-old rude demeanor didn't change a bit when she moved to a relatively upscale neighborhood, where there wasn't an evil old lady to yell at her all day, and she quickly found new ways to embarrass the three brothers - running red lights, spitting, standing on the side of the road and blowing her nose, and when she was done, she'd put her hand to the side of the street light or the poles.
  For a while the neighborhood committee advocating civilized community, to combat spitting behavior, caught a fine of five dollars, Song old lady with people leaning on the old, splashing and cheating everything, so that people civilized red sleeve band later see her to avoid walking.
  
  Wei Qian, although he did not want to buy anything good, but did not want to spend money on her, royal jelly, American ginseng, Cordyceps sinensis, these have bought her, but the old thing is ungrateful, not only face to face to scold him for having enough to eat, behind the back of the hand will be sold out - is from the beginning to the end, from the inside to the outside of the ungrateful.
  She thought those were for official ladies and landlady's to eat, things she shouldn't use, and that using them would break her life.
  
  Wei Qian hand gradually generous, every month to give her five thousand dollars in petty cash, she was happy to see the teeth, take the money but only in the hands of the cover, count on a dozen back and forth after locking up.
  She holds her head up high every day, thinking that she is now a rich old lady, but this "rich old lady" still wakes up early every morning to sell boiled corn and tea eggs at the roadside stall.
  
  What a worthless, uneducated and unqualified asshole old "no woman".
  She wants to give him a hard time every three days, as if it's not a day without a few words. But they have been together for so many years, Wei Qian almost can not imagine how to live without her in the future.
  
  "Brother, eat it while it's hot." Wei Zhiyuan's words called back Wei Qian's soul.
  Wei Qian looked at the steaming bowl of frozen dumplings and lost his appetite a bit, the lotus seed hearts were so bitter that he lost his appetite, yet he still reluctantly took it and mechanically forced himself to eat it.
  
  "Where's Xiaobao?" Wei Qian asked.
  Wei Zhiyuan said softly, "Tired of crying, sleep."
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but slow down the speed of his food, and it became harder and harder to swallow.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan continued beside him, "The worst possible scenario is of course ...... I'd better tell you the best case scenario. If grandma can be resuscitated, the most ideal, is that she can walk on her own, barely able to take care of herself - it's impossible to return to the way she was before, and even then, her brain cells will accelerate aging and atrophy, it can be delayed with medication, but it can only maintain the status quo or get worse and worse, and it's impossible to fix it. "
  
  Wei Qian was not a medical student in the science class, but he was born in the biology department, and his specialty more or less overlapped, and as soon as he heard this, he immediately understood.
  At that rate, the end result is nothing less than dementia.
  
  He didn't want to eat at all and set the dishes aside.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan analyzed, "If that happens, she might need someone to take care of her closely, I can do other things, but some too close, I can't be too convenient, I can't count on Xiao Bao, I might need to hire a nanny at that time. Brother, do you think this will work?"
  
  Wei Qian was silent for a long time and nodded, "Don't say these words to Xiao Bao."
  Wei Zhiyuan: "I know, she's all freaked out."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan just like this, little by little to tell him the current situation, analyze and discuss to deal with different situations, what should be done in the future, his smooth tone and attitude so that Wei Qian full of confusion also followed little by little to precipitate down.
  
  Wei Qian finally from "unimaginable", over to accept the reality, and has a clear line of thinking - she can not die, no matter what becomes, he will give her old age; if she is lucky to die without suffering, then he will give her a dignified death. .
  
  Wei Qian suddenly raised his head to look at Wei Zhiyuan and asked him, "You said that Little Treasure is scared, if Grandma has a death, won't you be scared?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan cupped one of his hands, gently clutched it, and before Wei Qian could feel the difference, he quickly released it again and stood up, "What will you do if I freak out too?"
  
  Wei Qian froze for a moment, Wei Zhiyuan's shadow as he stood up was made taller and taller by the lamp, as if it gathered his entire person inside. He thought to himself, why is this kid's speech getting more and more poking at people?
  
  At the beginning of the period, Wei Qian ran to the hospital all day to see the situation of Mrs. Song, the old bear they have an extraordinarily long time on this expedition, which makes Wei Qian also have to take care of the company's work.
  Fortunately, Wei Zhiyuan had completely moved back in from school, and Wei Qian felt that things weren't as stretched as he thought they were.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was like an extra brain that grew out of him, thinking and doing more than half of the things for him every day.
  He was like a sapling growing taller and taller, holding up half of the rickety roof for him.
  
  And luckily, Mrs. Song didn't die after all. She was resuscitated and left the intensive care unit after ten or so days.
  Her words were slurred, but she wasn't stupid yet.
  
  Stayed in the general ward, the family is going to start busy, Xiaobao is still in high school, every day can squeeze in time to the hospital to give a meal has required her to run all the way madly ...... and such a large amount of activity seems to stimulate her growth, two months in the past, she is a 17 or 18 year old girl, her pants are actually shorter a large part of the puberty length challenges the human limits for a time.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had heavy coursework - not just in school, he was probably studying something else, and every time Wei Qian saw him, he had at least one or two slate-like books by his side.
  Wei Zhiyuan running at both ends, the time was shrunk by a large chunk, Wei Qian several times saw him at two or three o'clock in the middle of the night, yawning and sitting in front of the computer to make up the homework, and sometimes simply do it and fall asleep.
  
  Wei Qian will never let him come over to the night shift, he supported a marching bed in Mrs. Song's ward, the company side had to take a long vacation, two whole months, Mrs. Song was discharged from the hospital.
  
  There was no way around it, and ever since Mrs. Song regained her sanity, she had adamantly refused the caregiver.
  When Weiqian tried to communicate with her about "finding a nanny to take care of her", she was met with serious protests from Mrs. Song, who, in a muffled voice with a piece of tofu in her mouth, even gesticulated and then yelled for Weiqian to understand what she was thinking, saying, "I'm an old farmer, not the kind of person who can make people work for me. "
  
  Wei Qian said, "Ouch my old ancestor, your old man is still living in the old feudal society how?"
  Mrs. Song's eyes glazed over, and Kirika wailed again.
  
  She wouldn't think about delaying her family, delaying them from work and school, losing probably more money, and while she wasn't stupid, she couldn't get her head around that much anymore, and she was even more stubborn than she had been before she got sick.
  
  Wei Qian let out a bitter laugh, "You're really bullying me into being too embarrassed to swear at you, and you're starting to lean on me as well, aren't you?"
  Old Mrs. Song was pleased as punch to get the upper hand on him once in a while.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan carefully cut her badly deformed nails and asked Mrs. Song softly, "If you don't hire a nanny, will you let Xiaobao wait for you to wipe yourself, take a bath, and go to the toilet in the future?"
  This sentence hit the bull's-eye, and Mrs. Song was silent.
  
  Xiao Bao just happened to come in from outside, she was panting and carrying two insulated buckets for food delivery, and only vaguely heard a tone, and without clarifying the context before and after, she recklessly opened her mouth and said, "I can ah, I can! Grandma, it's okay, I'll serve you."
  
  Mrs. Song didn't say anything, but she didn't say anything about "hiring a nanny" either.
  As her body collapsed, she was somewhat at a loss for words and had to become more conformist, which seemed to her to be a matter of principle.
  
  But how could she let Po take care of her?
  
  Bo was spoiled growing up, and the heaviest labor for a little girl was just washing dishes and mopping the floor.
  Taking care of the sick is one of the toughest things in the world, and Mrs. Song, who has given her in-laws and her partner a bunch of old age care, knows it better than anyone.
  
  Finally, she insisted on their own "more than two hundred pounds of sacks thrown on the car" perseverance, every day as long as they catch a gap in the exercise, miraculously like a crutch to support the wall to move slowly.

------------

Reading in sections 49

  
  If you want to talk about inner strength, there's really no one as good as this old thing who has lived through three quarters of a century.
  
  On the day when Mrs. Song was discharged from the hospital, Wei Qian was going to pick her up, but that evening he received a call from the administrative office of the company, saying that there was an important project to promote, and now he had to go through the "three meetings and one layer" [Note], so please make sure he attended.
  
  This major decisions to be made through the "three meeting a layer" of the rules, is a recent revision of the company's articles of incorporation, the implementation of less than half a year, or at that time, the old bear dug from his father that a professional manager to mention, with their company has a little bit of a rise and scale, finally came to the standardization and high-speed development of the stage.
  
  Wei Qian walked out of the hospital room and stood in the hallway, frowning as he asked, "Push which important project?"
  
  The head told him, "It's that health retreat seascape resort project in C City last time ah."
  Wei Qian asked nonchalantly, "Who pushed it, brain pit isn't it?"
  
  The other party heard his bad tone, hesitated for a moment, and said warily, "It's Xiong Dong."
  
  Wei Qian: "Then you transfer him to me now."
  Admin: "He's already home ......"
  
  Wei Qian: "What about talking about fish?"
  Admin: "Probably still on the plane, he said he'd be back in time for tomorrow's meeting."
  
  Wei Qian cursed in a low voice, usually in charge of administration is the three fat, Wei Qian and they do not have much contact, he came and went every day in a hurry, not much to say, and then the newly recruited employees are basically a little scared of him.
  The little girl in the administration was even more uncertain in her heart, and asked carefully, "Then ...... can I ask, are you sure you can come tomorrow?"
  
  Wei Qian sighed, "I have something at home, this ......"
  
  "Brother, you have something to go your way." Wei Zhiyuan appeared behind him at some point, reaching out and propping up the ward door, looking as if he was half-hugging him, "There's me, don't worry."
  
  Wei Qian glanced at him, followed by two seconds of silence, and finally, said to the person on the other end of the phone, "Alright, I'll go over tomorrow."
  He wasn't pretending, he was really quite relieved about Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  The next morning Wei Zhiyuan happened to have no class, he stayed at the hospital that night to keep watch, Wei Qian called the old bear twice, the other party did not answer, he had to explain to Wei Zhiyuan, he went out to find the old bear to ask for punishment.
  
  The old bear is actually at home, pretending to be a grandson and not answering his phone.
  The door is not locked, vainly closed, a push on the open, Wei Qian stepped in, nearly choked a heel - the old bear's home burned several columns of incense, so that around the cloud mountain mist around the fairy atmosphere, are fast catching up with the Yaochi.
  That fat head fish do not know what disease, the sofa cushions on the floor as a futon, sitting cross-legged on it, hand pinching a string of wooden rosary beads, sitting face to face with the wall. Hanging on the wall of a large capital copy of the "Prajna Paramita Heart Sutra" in full, the scripture copied the word large line sparse, but also quite occupy space.
  
  Wei Qian did not figure out what rhythm this was, and with a glance, he knew that sister-in-law Xiong was not at home.
  
  The living room floor is either incense ash or tattered sofa cushions, almost no footing, Wei Qian walked in like a thunderbolt, scalp numb and asked: "How do you mean? You want to convert to my Buddha? Where is my sister?"
  
  The old bear seems to expect him to come, heard the noise even did not return: "Out of town traveling to go - if she is at home I would not dare to do so, you sit down."
  
  Wei Qian looked at the other couch cushion on the floor he was pointing at, decisively ignored him, and sat down on the couch - he had thought that the old bear had gone crazy, and only grudgingly conceded, after hearing his decade-long fear of sister-in-law Xiong, that he probably hadn't gone completely insane.
  
  "What the hell are you trying to ......"
  
  The old bear raised his hand to stop his words, "Wait a minute, Ninety-nine to one, I still have the last sutra to finish, wait for me for two minutes."
  Then he literally began to bow his head and recite verses written in Sanskrit, which at first sounded like some sort of strange bird call.
  
  Wei Qian waited for him to finish his recitation before asking patiently, in the spirit of respecting other people's religious beliefs, "Have you begun to believe in Buddhism?"
  Old Bear: "Don't believe it."
  
  Wei Qian pulled out a napkin and plugged his nose: "Don't believe me? If you don't believe me, why do you make your house look like a big smokehouse? Are you sick? Smoke me to death."
  The old bear said languidly, in the same tone as a dancing god, "I'm looking for an anchor."
  
  Wei Qian waved his hand, "How do you like to send how to send, I don't talk to you about this light, just now someone called and told me that the project in C city, in the end what is going on?"
  
  The old bear climbed up from the ground somewhat clumsily, "Oh, that, you wait, I'll get you the project proposal to go--China's first ecological convalescent villa cluster, very attractive."
  "Don't you fool me with the surname Zhang's set, it's not like you're going to sell it to me," Wei Qian leaned heavily on the sofa, "Are you on the wrong medication Comrade Xiong Yingjun? You tell me, what is the core value of this what healing villa, what cancer discovery suppression center?"
  
  "I told you, as rich people start to pursue quality of life, health is ......"
  
  "Fuck your health, do you know what health means?" Wei Qian cut him off, "The health they seek is face-saving sports, organic food that's like a psychological placebo, and countryside farmhouses that evoke memories of their childhood and give them the illusion that they're still young - how many of those who are superstitious about health care don't shy away from medicine? They'd rather practice qigong than listen to a doctor tell you what kind of cancer you have and how you need chemotherapy! Are you planning to make this program a hospice club?"
  
  The old bear was dumbfounded for a moment, however he quickly calmed down, "The mountains are beautiful and there is no pollution, such a place, the title is just a gimmick, the mountain hot springs and the feeling of seclusion is what people really need, the villa is not worrying about selling."
  
  Wei Qian said: "You are pure fart, villa project is much more risky than others, even if you really want to do, you can not build a row in the outskirts of the city? Non-running to that poor countryside, even the local farmers are rare, who are you going to sell to?"
  
  Old Bear says, "Sold to those who wish to escape the city, all the stress and thought, and want to spend some time in isolation in the mountains."
  
  Wei Qian said cynically, "Terminally ill people who wish to wait for death in isolation?"
  
  Old Bear didn't laugh or retort, he just looked at Wei Qian quietly and replied, "Family members of terminally ill patients."
  
  Wei Qian first felt that he simply couldn't communicate with Old Bear today, and he was just about to go by the seat of his pants and lash out at this often tolerant and conciliatory oldest brother for once, and with that, he sensed a hint of something wrong.
  
  "Wait, Bear, what do you mean?"
  
  "She followed you and suffered countless hardships, and when you finally wanted to be nicer to her, she didn't have the time," Old Xiong's eyes reddened without warning, his eyes turned to that wall covered with Buddhist scriptures, and his expression gradually calmed down, returning to a sort of numb general indifference, as he stared at those scriptures and niches as if he were glibly said to Wei Qian, "How do you think the family will want to make amends? It can't be made up in any way. Do you think that at this time, if you want this person to exhaust his financial resources to create an artificial paradise for his family, while at the same time providing the necessary medical services, all kinds of commercial services, and at the same time being able to detach himself from reality and comfortably enjoy his life, would he be willing to do it?"
  
  Wei Qian looked at him almost shocked.
  
  The old bear said, "If it were me, I'd do it."
   
Author's comments: [Note] Three meetings and one layer: the shareholders' meeting, the board of directors, the supervisory board and senior management



46. Chapter 46 

  "No," Wei Qian said with some uncertainty, "Brother Xiong, you ...... you slow down, what do you mean? Nothing don't take this to scare people okay?"
  
  The old bear does not pick up, just stood up and took the project proposal, four flat in front of Wei Qian: "This you take back to see it, this is the material to be on the meeting tomorrow."
  
  Wei Qian had never succeeded in reading Old Bear's eyes - of course, besides the fact that Old Bear was more urban, it was also because his eyes were so small that he couldn't even see where his eyeballs were without being close to his face.
  But the old bear has always been cheerful and good contact, think most businessmen traveled all over the world, in addition to Zhang kind of good with a spoon from a good family, there are few particularly eccentric character.
  
  At this moment, however, Wei Qian felt for the first time the rejection that was about to fill the air from him. The old bear sat back down on the sofa cushions on the floor, coiled his legs with a bit of difficulty, and drew a cross against the wall full of Buddhist scriptures.
  He seems to be attempting to look unbelievable, attempting to look a little crazy.
  
  There are times when it's probably better to be crazy.
  
  Wei Qian hesitated, said nothing more, picked up the proposal, got up and left.
  
  The business proposal is gimmicky and probably very impressive, but it won't impress Wei Qian.
  Because their early several projects do not have so much manpower, three fat education can not, the text is not fluent, the old bear is responsible for getting money and responsible for negotiation, so like this to do the proposal and feasibility study report of the work, eight/nine out of ten from Wei Qian's hand.
  How each of these smokeless things blew out, he had it all in his mind.
  
  However, minus the gimmick, this is an ordinary villa project, Wei Qian can not really say where it is not good to come.
  
  On the way back, he pinched the project plan and thought about it all the way - Wei Qian still always has the scene in his head of the day when the three of them followed Mr. Zhang up the hill, looking down at the economic forest below.
  What was wrong with that scenario? Wei Qian scrutinized it several times, but he couldn't figure it out.
  
  He was, after all, still young and his experience was too limited.
  In the end, Wei Qian heart only a layer of light shadow, he could not say that layer of shadow in where, just a kind of inner resistance, think this project, can not do, it is best not to do.
  
  But the old bear side ......
  
  The next morning before leaving the door, Wei Qian finally managed to block the three fat, three fat in his car together to the company.
  
  "Ahem, this matter ah, you don't mention it." Three Fatty waved his hand badly, badness written in every crevice of his fat.
  
  "At that time you are not in a hurry to go, just leave a sentence that let me stop him, did not say that I understand how to stop - I usually contact business is not too much, your old man is good, 'bam' a put down a pick, leave me such a large Task, hanging did not give me smashed silly - yes, I stopped, but Xiong asked, I can not say a sub ugly c and d to, pressure root can not stop. At that time, I thought no ah, so out of the evil. I called my sister-in-law. I originally thought, this is not with the West to invite Buddha a effect, the results of the phone call, I just explained the causes and consequences of this matter, the other end on the crying."
  
  Wei Qian: "Who? Sister-in-law crying?"
  
  Three fat bared his teeth and nodded: "It is not it, our Chen Lu sister that is the generation of masters of the Ru Lai God palm ah, well, she cried? I heard, this must not be the sky is falling things ah, can put me scared, asked what is going on, the result ...... alas, it is really ......"
  
  Wei Qian stopped the car for a red light and slowly asked, "What's wrong with her?"
  
  "So you know, huh?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Listened to a tone, the old bear didn't make it clear to me."
  SanFat sighed: "The two of them have been married for so many years, and have never had any children, and it's not that they don't want to have children, but my sister-in-law hasn't been able to get pregnant. She may have been born with a tumor in her stomach since she was quite young - the place where she gave birth, you know, right? She's had two or three surgeries, but it won't come back. The safest way is to cut it out, of course, but she herself doesn't agree and still wants a child."
  
  No wonder ......
  
  "Sister-in-law is not a former dancer, they do that look easy, the actual is quite exhausting, she is the kind of scratching the tip of the winning character, the body really can not hold out before having to resign. Xiong said at that time, cut off the rear on the rear, nothing great, let her cut, she refused, and finally the two said well to raise two years, if you can have a child that would be the best, no is also the life of their families, do not intend to want to, so she went to do surgery. As a result, when she went to the hospital before the year, the doctor said it was finished, probably cancerous."
  
  The red light passed and the car behind him honked impatiently before Wei Qian came back to his senses and pulled out, "Diagnosed?"
  
  "Diagnosed, otherwise the old bear that day how to cry with a real bear like it?" Three fat voice lowered, he paused for a long time, only then continued, "This disease, some people get after twenty or thirty years are not dead, and did not get the same, some people may be a month or two on the spread of the Chen Lu belongs to the kind ...... of bad luck - -Qian'er, anyway, so what do you say? This project will be a meeting, you are signing or not sign it?"
  
  Wei Qian knew that he didn't have any reason not to sign this.
  
  Losing a father in youth, losing a wife in middle age, and losing a son in old age - three great sorrows, Wei Qian himself caught up with one, Ma Zi's mom caught up with one, and it looks like the old bear may soon catch up with the other one.
  Was this not easy to live, or was their life more bitter? Wei Qian really didn't want to know the answer to this.
  
  When he was young, he thought that he couldn't live without his parents, and if he didn't even have that little emotional support, he might as well be dead.
  After a couple of years, he figured that he couldn't live without money, and if he didn't even have the minimum security of life, he might as well be dead.
  Later, he thought that he could not be without dignity, and that if everyone looked down on him, he might as well be dead.
  
  Yet one by one he had lost them, some he had gained back later, some he could never get back, and he was still alive.
  
  Probably the atmosphere in the car is too depressing, three fat glanced at him, trying to liven up the atmosphere, said: "two days ago, I listened to Zhang that big fool with me Kan pseudo-science, he said there is a rumor of the jungle, low body temperature is easy to cancer, high body temperature is easy to cardiovascular disease, the two major killers of mankind, sooner or later we have to be put into one of the embrace. I heard, this rumor is the principle of the jungle where not next, but the reason is really so, no disaster, no disease alive, we all think about it before it is too late - your old lady is okay, right?"
  
  Wei Qian did not answer, and after a while, he replied, "If I have that day, I will go to a place where no one can find me and wait for death by myself, without treatment."
  
  Three Fatty didn't take it seriously and laughed, "Of course you say that now."
  "It will be the same in the future." Wei Qian smoothly slid his car into the company garage, "Those two children will be big in the future, by then they should get married and get married, and they should work, so I'll be begging people for something.
------------

Sectionalized reading 50

What do you dislike about it? Let the hard things come to an end in my generation."
  
  San Fatty looked at him sideways, and in the dimly lit garage, he felt that Wei Qian's face carried some kind of deep self-deprecation.
  
  Wei Qian stopped the car, turned off the engine, and sighed, "But that's for later, right now I still have to earn money for them to go."
  
  Three fat suddenly feel that he said this is not right, he took into account the younger siblings to form their own families in the future, but the only one who drew himself out, placed in a cold-eyed, single position, as if he subconsciously did not think that he would marry a wife, he will also have a child.
  
  "Qian'er," SanFat couldn't help but open his mouth and mention it, "Isn't it time for you to think about starting a family, or at least finding a girlfriend?"
  
  Wei Qian froze.
  
  "You can't be single all the time, Xiaobao and Xiaoyuan are getting older, and you don't have any burdens now, so shouldn't you be looking for one? Besides, if your old lady is like that, she'll need another person to help you look after her in the future."
  
  Wei Qian frowned quickly, still mentally resisting a bit, yet then he thought, this is also ah.
  A man's gotta have a home, right?
  You can't be the only one in the house, can you?
  
  The day's meeting went well, and Wei Qian's silent indulgence cleared the last hurdle for Old Bear, whose proposal was quickly passed.
  The old bear to promote the strength of the great, within half a month, has signed a framework agreement and cooperation agreement with Mr. Zhang, a month later, the project company and operating management team was formally established, exploration, planning, land and so on all the preliminary work is carried out in an orderly manner.
  
  C City, that end of the busy, the project needs people to sit in too many places in the early stages, the general operating level of things, three fat not much meddling, are the old bear and Weiqian in the run, now the two people who are not better than anyone else, their respective homes a patient, had to take turns to scurry around in both places.
  
  The good thing about Old Xiong's place is that Sister-in-law Xiong is willing to use a nanny, and on Wei Qian's side, the good thing is that there is still Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  On the day that Mrs. Song was discharged from the hospital, Wei Qian rushed back from a meeting, just in time to see the cab parked downstairs, Xiaoyuan carried Mrs. Song on her back, and Xiaobao carried things behind her, calling the elevator for them to open the door.
  From a distance, each one looks like an adult.
  
  Lian Xiaobao was also true to her word and really tried to take care of Old Lady Song, and even though she was clumsy at first, she slowly matured with time and experience.
  
  Where's Yuen?
  Xiao Yuan seems to always have inexhaustible energy, Wei Qian does not know whether he sleep enough sleep, normal school affected by not affected, but on the sidelines, it seems that things at home, things outside, Wei Zhiyuan's schooling and the whole family's life, as if he has two hands to take care of over, at least in Wei Qian's eyes, Wei Zhiyuan is easy to handle.
  
  After another long negotiation and tug-of-war with the local government, Wei Qian returned home from a business trip of more than two months.
  
  Both children seem to have gone to school, and Mrs. Song is napping in the house.
  Seeing that it is almost noon, Wei Qian threw the suitcase to the door, and began to wash the dishes to cook, the dishes have not finished cutting, Wei Zhiyuan came back.
  
  He walked in and said, "Brother, I'll do it."
  Wei Qian: "It's fine, I'll do it, it's just as well that I'm back today and you're resting for the day."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't argue with him, stood behind him for a while, and then found an opportunity to unexpectedly reach out from behind him, clamped his elbow, pinched the back of the kitchen knife blade, and snatched it.
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pressed against his ear and grumbled in a low voice, "I told you I'd come."
  Probably because he was too close, that voice had been drilled into Wei Qian's ears, he couldn't help but feel a jolt, and hastily dodged his head sideways in a somewhat uncomfortable manner.
  
  Wei Qian wandered around a few times and compromised, "If you come, you come, there are still eggs? I get some egg soup as a drink ...... Hey I fuck, Wei Zhiyuan are you going to revolt?"
  Wei Zhiyuan hugged him from behind, shook him so that his feet were off the ground, and used the posture of moving large pieces of furniture to invite him out of the kitchen without saying a word.
  
  "I'm still planning to force the palace to usurp the throne." Wei Zhiyuan put him down and said a bit smugly, "Just start with the imperial kitchen first."
  
  This did not sound like Wei Zhiyuan's usual tone of voice, and Wei Qian froze, leaning against the door and sizing him up.
  
  He came back from this trip, Wei Zhiyuan seemed to have produced some kind of indescribable change in his body, Wei Qian realized that during the period of time he was not at home, this kid who should have been tired like a dog seemed to have glowed with some kind of vitality.
  He was not like before, he always seemed to have something on his mind, although the lack of sleep Wei Zhiyuan could be seen on his face, his spirit was very good, and he even became a little cheerful.
  
  "I don't think it's possible or hire a bellhop, don't let grandma see it, just cook for you every day and clean up." Wei Qian paused and asked, "What about school, is it busy?"
  
  "Not bad." Wei Zhiyuan said in a good mood, "Our club has been making some common gadgets recently, and we pulled in sponsorship last week."
  
  "Sponsorship?" Wei Qian froze, "Why didn't you tell me?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked back at him, "And then reached out to ask you for money?"
  
  Wei Qian felt that he said too naked/naked, so he coughed dryly and said in a reserved manner, "That's not true, it also depends on whether what you guys do has any investment value."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan poured the chopped vegetables into the pot, and in the sound of a splash of oil, he said, "If you're capable, I can't always rely on you, a man has to go out on his own."
  Otherwise, how can I take care of you in the future?
  Of course, Wei Zhiyuan swallowed back the latter half of the sentence.
  
  "Come on, little brat, say you're fat and you're still wheezing." Wei Qian laughed, "Tell brother, how did you find sponsorship?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan told him cheerfully, "We tried to advertise at first, but then we found that the advertising overhead was too big and the effect was not good, so we stopped, and then we tracked down the contact information of our target investors on the Internet, and sent the advertisements directly to their mailboxes, and we also made non-scheduled phone calls for a while, but unfortunately, the emails were often blocked, and non-scheduled phone calls would be intercepted by the front desk of the people most of the time directly. Unfortunately, emails were often blocked, and non-scheduled calls were most of the time intercepted by people's receptionists. That didn't work either, so we ended up going door to door."
  
  Wei Qian can not laugh - a few college students, rashly door-to-door sales of their own team to ask for sponsorship, how many blank stares from others ah?
  Not to mention those big bosses, even he himself, bump into this kind of, probably is not even lazy to lift the head, just let people directly to block out of the.
  
  "Begging is quite difficult." Wei Zhiyuan said in a good news report, "But at least the result was good, finally begged."

  With all the experiences in between, Wei Zhiyuan lifted his weight and didn't describe his feelings. He has always been the kind of excellent student who is very outstanding, maybe his IQ is very high, but his adversity quotient has never been good, he is much smarter and more calm than his peers, however, the ability to withstand setbacks doesn't match with all of this - in this regard, he can't even compare to Xiao Bao who has been scolded by his big brother since he was a child.
  Wei Zhiyuan extremely hate that feeling of powerlessness, that long, door-to-door with the same set of things, wear out the mouth like door-to-door sales seeking investment days, almost let him recall his own dust in the depths of memory in the wandering childhood.
  
  He was isolated, but did not tell anyone, so headless like a fly diving for nearly a year, in the middle of their club activities due to a variety of difficulties had to stop, many people left one after another, Wei Zhiyuan alone to bear the pressure, and at the same time, his family still has a patient Song need to take care of the old lady.
  He also had to be careful not to reveal himself in front of his big brother - as long as he opened his mouth, this sponsorship, Wei Qian would definitely give it, Wei Zhiyuan knew it in his heart.
  
  But what's the point?
  
  When all the negative feelings were all aroused and piled up together heavily in his heart, Wei Zhiyuan had wanted to give up a few times, and for the first time he realized that bearing this seemingly cowardly gesture was no simpler than anything else.
  But didn't Big Brother suffer all those years?
  
  Those days, Wei Zhiyuan almost relied on the yellowed old photo of Wei Qian's teenage years in his wallet to get through.
  
  Wei Qian was unspeakably heartbroken, just like he was heartbroken when he first saw Xiao Bao washing Old Lady Song's urinal.
  
  But he can not express it, silent for a while, before he can only like unoriginal like praising Xiao Bao, extraordinarily obscure and difficult to understand to praise Wei Zhiyuan: "You ah ...... if you are willing to find a girlfriend back, brother now can all be in peace."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said calmly, "That's impossible."
  
  "Is there no drama at all?" Wei Qian looked at him almost hopefully.
  Wei Zhiyuan avoided his gaze and put in salt and seasoning, but his tone was firm: "Well, not at all."
  
  "For that male fox ...... of yours," Wei Qian paused, temporarily twisted to change his words, "male ...... sweetheart? Don't you see now pull a sponsorship a thousand difficult, if you really want to go this way, than you pull sponsorship can be much more difficult."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan seemed to find this expression "male sweetheart" very interesting, he did not know what came to his mind, the corner of his mouth could not be restrained from lifting slightly, "I know, this is the beginning."
  
  Wei Qian paused and changed his angle, "Then are people willing to accept you?"
  Wei Zhiyuan glanced at him and said with some hesitation, "I don't know yet, it may ...... be a little unacceptable, right?"
  
  Wei Qian seems to have immediately found a breakthrough, slowed down his tone, put on a patient persuasive stance, "Men at a certain age will want to marry a woman as a wife, even if you don't want to, other people will want to, you're still small now, don't think that far ahead, if in the future the person you like gets married, what are you going to do?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stopped everything, and after a moment of stalemate, he whispered despondently, "Brother, can you not dig my heart out?"
  
  Wei Qian looked hopelessly at the oil and salt Wei Zhiyuan, and in his heart, he remembered the old bear's words about himself - this is a king's son who eats weights and has an iron heart.
  
  He couldn't help but think of Sister-in-law Xiong, two months ago, Wei Qian had found an opportunity to bring Xiao Bao to visit her once.
  Sister-in-law Bear refused to do the chemo, and she somehow convinced Bear, who surprisingly just let it go by default.
  
  Sister-in-law Xiong was finally satisfied to hear Xiaobao call her "godmother", and when she looked at Xiaobao, she couldn't help but think that if she could have a child, and if she could live for a few more years, wouldn't she be able to see her own child grow up to be as big as Xiaobao?
  
  She couldn't help but think freely of her own nebulous future when she looked at the lackadaisical little girl.
  
  When she was leaving, Mrs. Xiong said to Wei Qian, "Some children are born to love beauty, and some are born to not care, it's all nature, like cats eat fish and dogs eat meat, you forcefully press a beauty-loving child to get a haircut based on your own preference alone, it's the same reason as forcing a non-beautiful one to wake up an hour early every day to put on make-up- -Stifling someone else's nature, you think you're right, but do you know how cruel you are?"
  
  Wei Qian knew that this was from her heart.
  
  Ms. Chen Lu, who also naturally loves beauty, naturally loves art, loves her work, loves her family and her children, and loves life, yet only halfway through the journey, everything is forcibly interrupted and put on hiatus.
  
  When she said this to Wei Qian, her eyes were clearly red.
  
  Then is it considered nature for Xiao Yuan to be like this, so head over heels in love with a man?
  Wei Qian did not know, however, he had several ups and downs in his mind, and finally, on top of his own bottom line, he was bereft of power to give Wei Zhiyuan a retreat of one frame.
  He realized sadly that his bottom line was like pants, and that one day he would be stripped down to his pants for these little brats.
  
  Wei Qian said, "Love how how it is, I don't care about you, the words I said, you don't regret it later. You that ...... that who - well, just that who, you know what I mean, is fragrant or stinky also do not know, there is a chance you let me see."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately comprehended the meaning of his concession, however, when he heard the second half of the sentence, he didn't know whether he should be happy or what, his heart was tangled for a long time, and finally answered, "Hey."
  
  Wei Qian was going to say more, but just then, his conversation was interrupted by the sound of a knock on the door outside.
  
  Wei Qian answered and opened the door, but saw a strange middle-aged woman standing outside, she permed a burnt small curly hair, like a top of an action chicken nest, her eyes are cloudy, the corners of the fine lines of the eyes are clustered, it can be seen that it is a bit old, wearing a piece of shredded cedar not quite in line with her age, appearing to be a bit gaudy and vulgar, and carrying a fake brand-name bag that can be seen everywhere.
  
  Wei Qian asked, "Who are you looking for?"
  
  When the other party saw him, he also froze for a moment, then immediately said, "Oh ...... I may have knocked on the wrong door, so what, does Wang Xiuhong live in this building?"
  
  "Wang Xiuhong" was the name of Pocky's mom, Wei Qian frowned, "What do you want with her?"
  


47. Chapter 47 

  In terms of appearance, Wei Qian certainly belongs to the "human-like" kind of people.
  He is tall and long-limbed, and has developed the ability to put on and take off his own feet, which he has practiced since he was a child.
  
  Usually in the company, he looks too young, not like the three fat, to where will be with people. He traveled around all the time, come and go in a hurry is his normal, button every time to fasten to the top one, more and more appear to be not smiling. Even if occasionally nothing in the office to stay, he also closed the door to stay by himself, rather like an autistic child in the house to draw a tortoise to play, but not out and the company's young girls to talk and laugh.
  After a long time of such perversion, a certain kind of aura of seriousness is naturally extracted from his body, like a person who is not to be entered.
  
  The strange woman at the door thought he was some kind of big shot, and felt immediately rushed, unconsciously pinching her own bag, squeezing out a somewhat pleasing smile and said, "Oh ...... I am a relative of her old family, the great aunt of their big boy."
  
  Wei Qian's frown tightened, "Great aunt? Why haven't I heard that she has a great aunt in her old family?"
  
  The strange woman's face became a bit ugly, but she couldn't figure out what kind of person Wei Qian was, and didn't dare to just snap, so she could only compensate for the smile one after another, as if she was used to being lowly, and came with a coy face.
  
  Wei Qian swept her a glance and walked next door to knock on Asako's mom's door, "Auntie, it's me, there's a man who claims to be a relative of your family coming, come out and see if you recognize him."

------------

Sections 51


  After saying that, Wei Qian glanced back at the woman poking dryly in the hallway, his eyes like knives, meanly scraping around her body.
  
  Even if she's not an impostor, where was she when Asako's father died so many years ago and Asako's mother was selling doughnuts every day, orphaned and widowed?
  Where was she when Asako's mom had an accident and Asako, a child so young, was lured by bad people to sell drugs?
  
  Wei Qian played since memory, and hemp they live in the neighborhood, never seen any of their family live relatives.
  The woman met his icy, scrutinizing gaze with fear and unconsciously stood up straight against the wall.
  
  Asako's mom couldn't move well for a while before she opened the door, and a faint female voice came out from inside: "Qian'er, when did you come back? Have you eaten?"
  
  Wei Qian's expression then softened, bending down to say a few words to her, and then turning back to push her out of the house, "This is the man who is looking for you."
  
  The strange middle-aged woman first looked at Ma Zi Mom in shock, her eyes were about to fall out of their sockets, and after a while, she violently covered her mouth and said in a great shock: "Ma Ya! Are you ...... you Xiu Hong? Are you really Xiu Hong? You ...... how did you become like this? My mom!"
  
  Asako mom froze for a long time, her voice was weak as if squeezed out from the cracks of her throat, "You ...... you are the big sister?"
  
  The woman looked at Asako's mom for a few moments and couldn't help it, her tears crackled like she didn't want money.
  Wei Qian pushed the hemp mother back into the house, put this do not know where to come from the "big aunt" to go in, the two people in the house hugged and cried.
  
  Wei Qian quietly retreated, but he left a heart when he came out and didn't bring the door of Ma Zi's mom with him, vainly revealing a crack in case something happened and he could hear it next door.
  
  Even Three Fatty heard the commotion and came out to see what was going on, and as soon as he saw Wei Qian, he immediately and shamelessly ran to his house to rub his nose in it.
  
  "Relatives? Let alone you, I don't even remember any relatives in their family. What kind of relatives, haven't they interacted with each other for thirty years?" Three Fatty pinched a piece of fried shrimp ball and stuffed it into his mouth, tapping his lips and tasting the flavor, "Aigoo, this is delicious! Your family's Xiao Yuan's craftsmanship is simply unparalleled, more than other family's little daughter-in-laws know cold and hot ah, I don't know who will be cheaper in the future."
  
  Three Fatty's mouth is a train station and runs on everything, no one would have taken him seriously in the first place.
  But Wei Zhiyuan's aptitude problem has always been a piece of Wei Qian's heart, he compromised is really compromised, bad is really bad, the latter is out of control.
  
  The three words "little daughter-in-law" stepped on Wei Qian's thunder without warning, and he immediately became furious: "Get lost, you're the little daughter-in-law!"
  Just finished cursing, the words did not have time to smash the feet on the surface, Wei Zhiyuan served dishes, wearing an apron came out, the appearance of extraordinarily virtuous, with the actual action of his brother slapped an ear.
  
  Wei Qian and San Fatty's gazes fell on him at the same time, Wei Qian rolled his eyes hopelessly and said to Wei Zhiyuan, who was innocently shot, "I'll hire a bellhop to go tomorrow, and I see that there isn't an amateur sparring team in that club downstairs? You have time to exercise more, or go out and play a few more games, don't keep circling the potter's table."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took his words as holy orders and nodded his head in agreement without saying a word, while raising his head and asking him with a smile, "Brother, so you like men who practice sparring and have good bodies?"
  
  Three Fatty didn't know what lewd thing he remembered and covered his face and started laughing.
  
  I do not know if this kid is not intentional, anyway, how Wei Qian listen to this sentence how to feel wrong, feel like being molested: "I like ...... like your grandfather! The little brat how to speak it?"
  
  Three fat just focus on having fun, did not see the dark tide of this, but also heartless at the side of the joke to add to the chaos: "Do not make a fuss brother, your brother's temper, you must find a third brother such a soft, in order to soften the hard, forbidding him three times a day of moths, our body type ah ... ..."
  He patted his ripe watermelon-like stomach, "A sumo wrestler at best."
  
  Wei Qian stepped on a foot, three fat immediately trained to avoid, the mouth also cupped his throat bitchy disgusted him: "Aigoo, what is this going to do ah Sanggong, a word to domestic violence ah? Beat your wife to death, who will give you children?"
  
  Wei Qian wanted to beat him to death from the bottom of his heart.
  Wei Zhiyuan also lest the world in chaos, through the three fat jokes, he seized the opportunity to take advantage of a little, half-true, half-false, pulled up Wei Qian's hand, imploringly pecked on the back of his brother's hand, "Then beat him to death, not afraid, I'll give birth to you."
  
  Three Fatty was so happy that his fat meat was trembling.
  As soon as Wei Qian drew back his hand, he only felt a good stomachache.
  
  After Wei Zhiyuan served the meal to Old Mrs. Song in the house and sent it over, he came back on his own and squeezed Sanfat hard, separating the two of them.
  
  Wei Qian: "What are you doing again?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Competing for favor."
  
  "Hey, this bear child, bullying your brother is still addicted," Three Fatty made some room and slapped Wei Zhiyuan on the back of his head, while then stretched his neck and said to Wei Qian, "By the way, Qian's son ...... oh no, Mr. Wei, this period of time your old man is not at home on a business trip, there is a situation I have to report to you."
  
  Wei Qian dragged out his voice without lifting his eyelids and said, "Say what you have to say and fart."
  Three fat expression unusually lewd, "slag - our personnel department, is not there a tube pay performance of the beautiful girl, on that small Lin Qing, hey ...... people are very good, but also more with me together with the ......"
  
  Wei Qian froze for a moment before reacting, "You beast, arching other people's good cabbages can you not pick the ones under your eyes? Rabbits still don't eat grass by the side of the nest."
  
  "I just like her, and people that girl is not a superficial woman who just looks at appearance. I asked her the other day, said sister you see who is more handsome between me and your Mr. Wei, guess what people said?"
  Wei Qian: "I don't guess, you don't come to our house all the time in the future to dilly-dally ah, look at you just get sick to your stomach"
  
  Third Fatty patted his stomach, triumphant, and turned his head to Wei Zhiyuan, "Jealousy, brother, do you see, this is the envy and jealousy of a shameful bachelor towards a man in the midst of sweetness and happiness."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan asked with considerable interest, "What did she say?"
  
  "Our Lin Qing said," Three Fatty pinched his voice to learn, "'On Mr. Wei's coffin face, I dare not meet his eyes every morning when I greet him, what's the use of being handsome, it's not enough to accompany the king as if accompanying a tiger every day, unlike Brother Talon, who makes people feel especially warm and secure. Unlike Brother Tal, he makes you feel warm and secure.' Listen to this, you can see the essence through the phenomenon, this is wisdom!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan glanced at Wei Qian with a smile on his face and quickly snatched the last fried shrimp ball and put it into Wei Qian's bowl, "Brother, you are supposed to smile more."
  
  Wei Qian returned a leathery smile to him, but his complexion was soft, and the corners of his eyes were filled with a certain hopeless indulgence.
  
  SanFat did not know if he was a bit nervous, anyway, he suddenly jumped in his heart, for a moment, he felt that the two brothers brow to brow as if they were not quite right, especially Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Three Fatty couldn't help but call out, "Xiao Yuan?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Huh?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan that eyes, really particularly odd, face family when the look than to outsiders when relaxed, that is normal, but he is not relaxed, three fat look really really, he felt Wei Zhiyuan eyes are like an artist looking at a masterpiece painting, collectors look at a piece of superb wada, like ...... like a man looking at his lover. Full of some kind of moist and silent, blazing tenderness.
  
  That was a bit much, wasn't it?
  Triple Fatty hesitated for a moment and shook his head, "Oh, it's fine."
  And then he made a random excuse to put it off and said, "Did you leave food for your aunt? She has guests in that house today."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said with a normal face, "I called for takeout, since I'm a guest, it's not appropriate to treat people to a home-cooked meal."
  
  As they were talking, they heard the doorbell and the delivery man asking, "Did anyone here order?"
  
  "I'll go." Wei Qian stood up, took some change from his coin purse, and went out to pick up the takeout. He was about to push the door straight in to give it to Asako's mom when he heard the sound of conversation inside at the door.
  
  Asako's great aunt has been in the neighboring province of a county city, less than five hours drive from the city, this distance can not say very close, but also by no means a thousand mountains.
  Asako's dad and his great aunt are not biological siblings, they are Asako's grandparents are widowed and widowed after remarriage, only to be hard to get together with different siblings, blood no, love is also limited.
  
  Big Aunt learned that he had a cheap brother when he was already an adult married, between the two siblings would have been face to face, and then the old family children are gone, hemp his father married his wife and children, uprooted from the countryside to make a living, the two families are even more no contact.
  
  Aunt's man died early, she alone with two sons, the eldest son in the county, has been working, the youngest son is only sixteen, reading is not good, dropped out of school early, but the heart is wild, always want to run to the far side, said to go to work.
  
  Xiaojiao child from a young and spoiled, of course, the great aunt did not want to, had to accompany the same as a thousand miles to follow over the "accompanied by the work", to which she remembered that the youngest son in the local there is a not close to not distant uncle.
  So the idea of defection arose.
  
  She took the mailing address from ages ago and bounced around for a long time before learning that her cheap brother had died long ago and that Asako's mom had moved to the city center.
  
  At first, after seeing Asako's mom in this appearance, Dagou almost didn't recognize her, and then hugged her head and cried with all her heart, however, when they sat down together, after catching up, and Asako's mom began to tell about the passage of these years, Dagou's heart of sympathy belonging to a woman was finally gradually pressed by the cold shrewdness of belonging to a middle-aged person, especially when she confirmed that Asako was already dead.
  
  Wei Qian put his hand on the doorknob, and heard the eldest aunt in the room lower her voice and say to Asako's mother, "Big sister, are you stupid? They are outsiders who are not related to you, and they have been serving you for so many years, but you don't think about it, what do they want?"
  
  Asako's mom hadn't seen any outsiders for a long time, and her reaction was a bit slow: "Tu, tu what? What do I have to draw?"
  
  Big Aunt grabbed her withered and burned hand in a compassionate manner and tsked, "What else can I want? You're at home all day, you don't know what's going on outside, do you know how much your house is worth?"
  
  Asako's mom couldn't answer and looked at her great aunt in shock.
  
  Big Aunt lowered her voice even further, "This location, this area - don't you think about it, even if you live to be a hundred years old, how much can you eat and how much can you use? Is it comparable to the value of this house? You are really not long hearted ah ...... Alas, no wonder, you have no one around you, I look at your heart is difficult. I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get the best out of me, but I'm sure you'll be able to get the best out of me, and I'm sure you'll be able to get the best out of me. He happened to come over to find a job, if you are willing, sister let him come to accompany you, are a family ......"
  
  "A family with a loud reckoning." Her words were suddenly interrupted as the door opened and Wei Qian, who was carrying several bags of takeout, stood in the doorway.
  
  Speaking of people being heard, the great aunt's face was then unable to hang on, she instinctively said forcefully, "You people, you people how to break into other people's homes?"
  
  Wei Qian walked in, sneered, put the food on the table, and said without mercy, "Eat, eat and roll."
  
  Asako's mom carefully tugged on him, "Ken'er ......"
  
  Wei Qian braced his hands on the table and looked condescendingly at the blushing great aunt.
  He has a high nose, thin lips, drooping eyelids that emphasize the slightly upturned corners of his eyes, the combination of which is full of arrogance and compulsion: "Where is my brother buried, do you know? Uncle buried where, do you know? Pocky--Sun Shuzi, how did he die, do you know? Sun Shuzhi' three words how to write do you know?"
  
  He slammed the table and the great aunt shivered hard.
  Wei Qian: "What kind of relative are you?"
  
  Big Aunt segment is not enough, but also face, really can not carry such a road, hurriedly fled in a hurry, Song old lady heard, but also struggled to hold the wall came out, her voice alarmed ten miles and eight villages of scolding power is no longer, but she still has the ability to word correctly spit on a mouthful, chatting about the heart.
  
  Three Fatty hurriedly said, "Grandma, I know you're good, but the enemy firepower can't, this doesn't need your old man to personally fight, you quickly go back to rest - guards, still don't take the chief away?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan picked up Old Lady Song and sent her back inside.
  
  Wei Qian carefully took out the tableware for Asako's mom and served Wei Zhi Yuanjiao's dish to her.
  Ma Zi Ma, however, did not move her chopsticks, she pulled Wei Qian and for the first time asked the question in her heart out of her mouth.
  
  "Ken-chan, how did Shuji lose it?"
  Wei Qian said softly, "Harmed by bad people."
  
  Pocky's mom had tears in her eyes, "What about the bad guys?"
  Wei Qian's palm gently stroked across the top of her florid white head, "Go down and work as a cow for my brother Pocky, we avenged him, don't worry."
  
  Asako's mom wiped a tear from her eye and with difficulty flashed him an ugly, ghastly smile.
  This inexplicable great aunt may have seemed like a very small interlude at the time, but it was like a meditative activation of some cruel piece of music.
  
  Asako mom does not feel sad, instead of the heart welled up some kind of indescribable joy - she found the reason she has been living on her own, she is worth a set of house money which.
  
  After dealing with the bad things on Asako's mom's side, San Fatty followed him to Wei Qian's house and talked about official business.
  
  Three Fatty asked, "What about pre-sale permits, can we get them in the near future?"
  Wei Qian lit a cigarette and sat on the edge of the bed, "That's not a problem, the relevant local regulations are particularly informal, first things first - start selling first and then get a license there are ......"
  
  Triple Fatty: "Wait, what do you mean 'there's plenty'?"
  Wei Qian spit out a large mouthful of smoke, said irritably: "I see the local government is poor crazy, a big hill, even rows of several pieces of villa land, sold to several families. I said the mountains full of economic forests, how the neighborhood does not have a few farmers, dare to clear away."
  
  Three Fatty: "So what? Is it too late for us to retreat?"
  "Don't talk shit." Wei Qian waved his hand, "The big head of money in the early stage has been smashed in
------------

Reading in sections 52

The company has a few hundred million dollars hanging there, how can we withdraw? We are too hasty, when the land agreement should have agreed ...... alas, now say this are late, I foresee this to be trouble."
  
  Three Fatty: "So what did Brother Xiong say? What about Mr. Zhang?"
  Wei Qian shook his head and smiled bitterly, "Those two ...... alas, surnamed Zhang still thinks that his health and healing topic is unrivaled in the world, and other competitors are not rivals. This time I withdrew back first, just want to urgently call everyone together for a meeting to see if there is anything that can be remedied."
  
  The two were silent relative to each other for a long time, the three fat suddenly leaned heavily toward Wei Qian's desk, "Alas, this pile of things, I have a suggestion, you see if it's good ......"
  
  Wei Qian made a posture of washing his ears and waiting for his insight.
  
  Three Fatty: "Let's go to the temple on Sunday to worship and get rid of bad luck."
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Half a minute later, the three fat people were driven out of Wei Qian's room, Wei Zhiyuan carrying a plate of fruit, only just to knock on the door, saw this situation, busy to the side back a step, in order to prevent being affected by the fish.
  
  Three fat: "How so unfriendly? I said is also the truth, this life and death have life, wealth and fortune in heaven, right, you have to be like three brothers think well ...... marvelous to apply for bankruptcy, bankruptcy after we still go back to sell pork with my dad."
  
  Wei Qian said, "Get lost."
  
  "Alas, the young man firepower strong ah, this quick-tempered ......" three fat said, from his hip pocket touched, touched out a girl's photo to, he looked up and rushed Weiqian smile, "Yes, I just wanted to say to you to, by the next door that crack drilled out the big aunt interrupted. The next door to the crack in the ground out of the great aunt interrupted, this is our family Lin Qing's classmates, the girl local people, good-looking, character is also good, is the taste is a little different from the norm, I heard that like the kind of men who love to ignore, I heard, this is not my brother you? Hurry to the photo and contact information to come, you see, third brother thinking about you, right?"
  
  As he said that, he handed the picture towards Wei Qian's hand, midway, but was blocked by a cold hand.
  The back of Wei Zhiyuan's hand was pale, the tips of his fingers seemed to be glistening with ice, he turned his back to Wei Qian and took the photo from SanFat's hand, his voice seemed to carry a joke in it, as if it was relaxed and alive: "Third brother, this volcano of my brother is about to erupt, and you're still not running, are you planning to take a bath with the lava?"
  
  San Fatty's gaze happened to collide with Wei Zhiyuan.
  Only to see Wei Zhiyuan's mouth corner in unnatural, mechanically to the sides of the lift, but the eyes are not the slightest bit of laughter, dark pupils as if some kind of lifeless stone, the surface layer of cold stream of light, revealing the overflowing grim to.
  
  The corner of the photo was pinched and distorted by him.
  
  Three fat first began to feel that he was oversensitive, the eye but can not help but start to think to the crooked place - Wei Zhiyuan this attitude ...... this expression, is to do brother?
  
  Three fat brain taut, can not help but continue to test a sentence: "The back of the write that sister's contact information, Qian'er, you see if you are free, this weekend simply everyone out to eat a meal together."
  
  Wei Qian was oblivious, raising an eyebrow and asking, "Isn't Lin Qing unable to eat when she sees me?"
  Three Fatty chest up and said, "I have this pagoda to suppress you this river demon, she despite the peace of mind to eat and drink."
  
  Wei Qian shushed him and took the photo from Wei Zhiyuan's hand, waving his hand without much care, "Tell me more."
  
  After he finished speaking, he turned around and went into the house, Wei Zhiyuan sidled up to Sanfat, letting that photo be drawn away by his big brother, looking at Wei Qian's back, Wei Zhiyuan's eyes were obscure and hard to understand for a moment.
  
  Three fat close observation of this scene, felt "bam" a moment, his entire human "three views" fell to the ground can not be found.
  
  Sending away the three fat, Wei Qian only carefully look at the hand of this young girl's photo, the girl looks very clean, quiet and not flamboyant, not too eye-catching, also can not say how beautiful.
  But it was very appropriate - just enough to make Wei Qian look good.
  
  Wei Qian looked at the photo, then the heart is hesitant to think, three fat said also has a reason, recently too much annoyance, the weekend is supposed to go out to ease the mood, about to come out to eat a meal together is not not impossible ...... Wei Zhiyuan came in.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was holding a delicate little box in his hand, "Brother."
  Wei Qian turned back.
  
  Wei Qian sat on a chair, so Wei Zhiyuan squatted down, dropped to a position lower than him, and opened the box to show him, "The first time I made money on my own, a gift for you."
  
  It was a tie that was known to be very expensive at a glance, Wei Qian received a gift for the first time in his life and froze for a moment before reacting, "Ah? For me?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his hand and fastened the button on Wei Qian's collar, then put it on him himself.
  His fingers intentionally or unintentionally brushed the bare/exposed skin of Wei Qian s neck, the touch was always very wrong, Wei Qian had an illusion, as if Wei Zhiyuan s touch was not accidental, but ...... that boy had been deliberately rubbing his neck.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but frown and duck a little.
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his face innocently, "What's wrong?"
  
  Wei Qian sized him up for a moment, then dismissed the crazy thoughts in his heart just now, he felt that he was fretting about Wei Zhiyuan all day long, fretting too much, resulting in almost hallucinating, doing all the nonsense.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stepped back a bit, admiring his brother's forbidden/lust-filled clothed attire in detail, and felt his blood boiling all over.
  The impulse and desire to rip off this man's clothes surged in his heart that could not be ignored, and he looked at Wei Qian with a near hunger in his eyes.
  
  "Brother," Wei Zhiyuan said, "didn't you ask me today what I would do if that person didn't accept me and went off to get married himself?"
  
  Wei Qian was slightly palpitated by his gaze, the young man's gaze gave him a trembling feeling of sweaty wariness.
  
  "I don't know what to do." Wei Zhiyuan laughed and continued, "But I'll probably go crazy, right?"
  
  After he finished speaking, he brought the fruit that he had put aside earlier and set it in front of Wei Qian, replacing it with that gentle expression like a caring little cotton-paddler, and said to him, "Brother, you eat this ah, replenish the vitamins."
  


48. Chapter 48

  When Wei Zhiyuan was small, his attention span was very high, and anything he was not interested in, even if he saw it, he would ignore it.
  Take him into a shopping mall, come out and ask him what's for sale inside, usually Wei Zhiyuan will have a blank expression and can't help but look back at the window before answering, if he answers very smoothly, it means that there's most likely something he wants inside.
  
  At that time Wei Qian could only judge what he liked by this method.
  
  Xiao Yuan is not like Xiao Bao.
  
  When Xiaobao was very small, the family is particularly difficult, Wei Qian is also small, do not know how to restrain their temper, Xiaobao himself may not remember much, but it is true that for a period of time, she is not quite dare to blatantly and big brother to ask for something to raise the request, but every time she touches her favorite things, Xiaobao will keep the neck to stretch off, eyes to take off the window posture, three steps a turn back to love to give up some.
  
  It can be seen that "not daring to want" and "not wanting" are two completely different concepts.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan is naturally better at restraining his desires than other children, so accordingly, his temper appears to be more moderate than other children.
  But Weiqian knew that the "restrained" temperament is not the true temperament after all, just like "don't care, don't get angry" and "smile and hold your anger, wait for the time and conditions are ripe and then retaliate ruthlessly! "These two kinds of people, although the first reaction in the encounter is very similar, but their differences are like a galaxy apart.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan, this child, paranoid, narrow-minded, frustrated and insecure, these are nothing, what kills him is that he is too smart. For a while, Wei Qian always felt that he was like a dangerous, always ready to explode bomb, and then exploded the aptitude issue, I don't know if it was Wei Qian's psychological effect, he almost felt that Wei Zhiyuan's gloominess and bad communication went to a whole new level.
  
  In the last two years, as Wei Zhiyuan grew more mature, the sharpness in him that made Wei Qian uneasy gradually calmed down, and Wei Qian even had the illusion that his character changed when he grew up. And it was only then that he realized that Wei Zhiyuan hadn't changed, it was just that as he thought more and more, he sensed the disapproval of others for some of his remarks and attitudes, and deliberately hid them.
  
  After Wei Zhiyuan finished that sentence, Wei Qian didn't react for a good while, the touch on his neck lingered, as if Wei Zhiyuan had pressed a few searing handprints on his neck, getting hotter and hotter.
  
  Wei Qian is never lack of money lack of beatings not lack of heart, of course he felt out of the ordinary, but exactly where is not normal, but he instinctively not willing to go deeper into the thought, he obeyed this stock instinct, and followed the annoyance up, sternly looked at Wei Zhiyuan: "What do you mean by this?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stood up straight in silence, he already felt that he had misspoken in his party.
  
  All along, the elder brother did not look for a companion, but he is young and handsome, even successful and promising, even if at first glance does not look good contact, there will still be a woman or even a man like him, Wei Zhiyuan heart has always had such a hidden worry, his elder brother is like a jewel polished by the years and the life of the radiance of the bright, not only he alone grow eyes.
  However, after all, hidden worries are just hidden worries, who knew that this day was so unpredictable by the three fat face to face point out.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan wasn't ready.
  
  As he squeezed the picture of the strange girl, a hot current of almost hatred cleared through his heart, and it swept out in an almost undifferentiated attack, against Sanfat, against the strange girl he had never even seen, and even against his brother.
  He had willingly suffered so much, suffered so much, and every time he couldn't bear it, his big brother was the pillar in his heart, and he held on to this like a faith, gritting his teeth and forcing himself to become a better person, a more deserving person to the other.
  
  "But why did you refuse to wait for me?" He looked at Wei Qian sitting in the chair with his eyes downcast, unspeakable aggression and pain permeating his heart - Wei Zhiyuan had the confidence to control the ins and outs of everything, only he could not control Wei Qian's heart.
  
  Sometimes people who are parents may still think rationally if the child in front of them has been tough, but once the child avoids their eyes and shows a little bit of retreat, the parents are prone to have their hearts on fire instead.
  Wei Zhiyuan's silence just ignited Wei Qian's anger.
  
  "You think you're a maverick, don't you? You think you're a saint of love, marvelous isn't it?" Wei Qian rarely used this tone to reprimand Wei Zhiyuan, a brain burst out, "I think you're looking for a fight!"
  
  Wei Qian leaned back in the chair, arms hugged in front of his chest, just now by Wei Zhiyuan sorted out, extraordinarily neat clothes with his extraordinarily not "neat" movements, showing some kind of unique temperament that makes people's hearts pound, Wei Zhiyuan touched his upturned gaze, the pain and struggle in his chest and desire all stirred up into a mess, turning into a little on the explosive barrel of gunpowder, and not long fuse has burst sparks. The pain and desire in his chest all stirred into a ball, turning into a barrel of gunpowder that would explode at the slightest point, and the not-so-long fuse was already bursting with sparks.
  His throat suddenly went suddenly dry.
  
  Wei Qian in a rage is completely unaware that the seemingly obedient baby brother in front of him is silently imagining himself, the anxiety of the mess at the end of the project and the anxiety of Wei Zhiyuan's obscure future are indistinguishably stirred together, and the two are superimposed on each other, and they immediately complement each other to grow and develop.
  He nonchalantly chopped his head off at Wei Zhiyuan, "What do you mean you'll go crazy? I see that you are already crazy! It's honorable to die, to live, to be crazy, to be stupid, isn't it? Wei Zhiyuan, I fucking just felt that you understand a little bit, can you not slap me back with this bellyful of words before I even have a chance to praise you, huh?"
  
  When he was angry, his eyes were extraordinarily bright, and his features appeared more vivid than when he was usually a piece of indifference, Wei Zhiyuan didn't know if he was a lover's eyes, he even felt that Wei Qian's eyes were like two balls of fire dancing with a magic spell, which made him want to pounce on them even if he preferred to turn into a ball of ashes.
  The fuse was about to burn to the head, and he couldn't stop his breathing from getting ragged.
  
  "You say you like guys and can't change, fine, as long as you figure it out for yourself, that's something I'll hold my nose and put up with. Do you think that my indulgence is letting you squander your life lawlessly?" Wei Qian raised his hand and pulled out a Xinhua dictionary from the bookcase that was already some years old, and heavily smashed it on Wei Zhiyuan, "Will you speak human language? If you don't know how to speak, look up the dictionary and learn!"
  
  The dictionary smashed right into Wei Zhiyuan's chest, Wei Qian's hand was not light or heavy, Wei Zhiyuan almost felt like he was suffocating for a few seconds.
  "Boom."
  The sinuous sparks ignited the repressed black box in his heart, Wei Zhiyuan himself thought that it was just a cluster of smoldering fireworks that burned and dispersed, however, he only came to a black eye, a moment of sanity, his heart burned into a sea of fire in a place where others could not see it, stretching over 100,000 miles of twisted flames into every one of his blood veins.
  
  He had a heart as deep as an abyss in his chest, and the first time he thought he was going to lose this man, the door to the abyss opened once and rolled in a human life, and this was the second time.
  Wei Zhiyuan's ears were finally left with only one voice: He is mine! He is mine!
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suddenly grabbed the armrests on both sides of Wei Qian's chair, and his hands exploded with terrifying veins - it was a maneuver that trapped Wei Qian in the chair.
  His heart beat like a rumbling drum, his pupils dilated dramatically, fine sweat dipped from the corners of his forehead and palms, and he stared dead at the face, eyes, body, and even everything of the one he longed for.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan himself didn't know what he would do.
  
  Just then, the outside door suddenly slammed heavily, Song Xiaobao's several pounds of schoolbag probably slipped off of her and hit the door, followed by the movement of her pulling out her key to open the door, the sound of a string of keys clinking against cold metal sparingly breaking the atmosphere between the two that was on the verge of suffocation.
  Wei Zhiyuan bit the tip of his tongue viciously, his mouth full of blood, the hand propped on the handle of the chair was numb.
  
  Xiao Bao's loud voice rang out from outside, "Big brother! I saw your shoes, when did you come back?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan slowly let go of his hand, only then did he feel that his brain was a little short of oxygen, while his chest was aching vaguely, his face whitened as he reached out and pressed on the place where he had been hit by the dictionary.
  
  Wei Qian stood up and walked out, Wei Zhiyuan leaned on his desk and heard the conversations in the living room.
  
  Wei Qian: "Just arrived not long ago, you eat
------------

Reading in sections 53

Up?"
  Xiaobao even complained and then pouted, "I don't eat, the teacher won't let me eat, it's almost time for the exams, and she still wants me to lose weight, I'm starving to death."
  
  Weiqian: "No one is left if we reduce it any further. Is your teacher crazy? How can you not eat? You still have to attend classes, can you stand it?"
  Xiaobao "hehehe" a smile, learning to dance a lot of body movement to her body pulled out, thin arms and legs appear to be long hands and feet, can not speak of the light and good-looking, only this throat laugh, still return her to the image of a stupid girl: "bear, if I can pass the professional exams, the cultural class can pass it. If I can pass the professional exam, I will be able to pass the cultural class. Seriously brother, do math homework than running on an empty stomach is much more painful."
  
  After she finished speaking, she threw down her school bag and rushed towards Old Mrs. Song's room in a neutral manner, wailing, "Grandma! I, Hu Hansan, am back again!"
  
  Wei Qian: "Don't jump around, watch out for the downstairs coming up to find you."
  Song Xiaobao fully explains what is called "retarded children have a lot of fun" with his actions, saying crisply: "Come to find ah come to find ah, I will give them a dance cha-cha-cha, hahahahahaha!"
  
  When she came back alone, the noise level of the whole house immediately rose exponentially, and everywhere was filled with the sound of her "wah-la-wah-la" joking and laughing, from whoever had a big fall today to which teacher had shaved her eyebrows and forgot to draw them - I don't know where she had so much emotion and I don't know where she got so many emotions and joys.
  Wei Qian only felt that there were five hundred large ducks parading past him.
  He rubbed his temples and let out a slow breath of pent-up air.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan heard the door slam and inclined his head to see Wei Qian walk in.
  Wei Qian closed the door back with his hand, looked at Wei Zhiyuan with a complicated expression, and finally sighed, "Where did you smash just now? Come over and I'll take a look."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smashed a large area on the chest, the center of the hidden with a bit of bruising, looking strange and scary.
  Wei Qian rummaged out the ointment for bruises and bent down to give him medicine, Wei Zhiyuan who had already calmed down miserably suffered a share of pain and pleasure.
  
  After applying the medicine, Wei Qian threw the box of ointment in his arms and whispered, "Pissed me off, go back and reflect on yourself."
  Wei Zhiyuan knew that this matter was considered to be over.
  
  For the next period of time, Wei Qian had no time to worry about him, he neither took the time to get to know the girl introduced by SanFat, nor did he have the time to worry about Wei Zhiyuan's more and more crooked personality and aptitude that could no longer be corrected.
  The pre-sale payback period for C-City projects has begun.
  
  Mr. Zhang's blind confidence that came from nowhere was finally doused by the dismal internal sales control table, Wei Qian's premonition came true.
  Project companies generally have their own sales team, how to sell, sold how much, these are the project manager, hit the report to the two shareholders on the good, this time it is the old bear and Zhang, the two shareholders of the legal representative of the legal representative of the team personally went over to the town of the sales team.
  
  First of all, the advertisements are all over the place, however, it is useless. the resident population of C city is not that much at all, completely unable to digest this volume, and the vacation villa itself is also aimed at foreign tourists traveling here, but there are too many similar products, there are many competitors, what is the "private estate in the forest park", "mountain residence platform seclusion sanctuary" and so on, there is no competitiveness at all. What "private manor in the forest park", "mountain residence platform hermitage sanctuary" and so on a variety of categories, Mr. Zhang mentioned that living like "hospice care for the elderly" as the concept of health care is not competitive.
  Each competes with the other in general, and each has its highlights, but more highlights become wobbly - the local villa market has shown a clear buyer's market. [Note
  
  That being said, how many of those who come out for a trip and buy a house in the local area just because it looks like a nice place can be found in the whole of China?
  And these burnt packets have their own families and businesses, of course, can not always live, get a property rights hotel apartment a day or two a year, has been very "stupid multi-speed", how many people will spend a lot of money to buy a villa away from the group of people living in the rope, in and out of the villa are not convenient?
  The money issue is still small, wouldn't it be a hassle to get someone to take care of it?
  
  Later, the old bear they also tried in their respective old customer base to engage in "discounted internal sales", still to the end of the failure.
  
  At this point, they used to pick up the project roughly and do it, no brand characteristics, and even the disadvantages of no fixed products highlighted - this ultra-high-end project customer groups and previously done in the city residential group and even small-scale commercial real estate have produced a clear disconnect.
  The short answer is that not many of the regular customers can even afford it, let alone buy it, they don't even bother to pay attention to it.
  
  In the middle of the period, they almost gave up their efforts to "sell out", and wanted to turn to "leasing", leasing to certain tourism organizations or hotel organizations, and converting into villa-style resort hotels.
  This proposal was unanimously approved by both shareholders, however, not to mention the financial pressure brought about by the rent-only, not for sale, this large area of villas can not even be rented out in its entirety.
  Only a few hotel management companies have expressed interest, but proposed not to buy or rent, just for them to manage, and they not only have to bear the management costs, every year this villa-style degree and the hotel's profit and loss risk also have to be responsible for their own.
  
  Up to this point, they seemed to have come to a dead end.
  
  Yet that's not the scariest part.
  You know, even if the land was still cheap back then, it would have taken several hundred million dollars to do the whole project, with most of the money being borrowed.
  
  "Leverage" [Note] is a double-edged sword of the capital-intensive industry, can ride the wind and waves, can also bite back. And borrowing is based on the current year's use of the repayment plan set, right now there is no sales return, where to get money to return?
  And while it's true that the loan contract is not limited to death and provides for a one-year delay in repayment when some circumstances occur, all of the conditions are based on the project being effective and the delay in repayment bringing predictable and greater benefits, none of which they meet.
  
  Approaching winter also means that repayment deadlines are looming.
  It's getting colder by the day, and the hundreds of millions of dollars of debt is like the sword of Damocles hanging over your head, shaking more and more each day.
  
  And only two of the villas were sold, one of which was bought by the old bear himself.
  
  At the beginning of December, the old bear came back, the headquarters of the people almost did not recognize him, when the eyes of a slit big fat head of fish seems to have gone to liposuction, so thin that the shape of the face and the contours of the face are out, loose skin looks like he was ten years old all of a sudden.
  The entire headquarters is Wei Qian and three fat in the town, the two people every day as tired to visit the debtor, struggling to find a turnaround for the matter of the margins.
  
  Wei Qian knocked on the door of the old bear's office, and was about to wring out a deep groove between his eyebrows, "Bear ......"
  Old Bear raised his hand to stop his words.
  
  He avoided Wei Qian's gaze and said in a somewhat weak voice, "Pour me a glass of water first."
  
  Wei Qian took a deep breath, silently poured a cup of cool water, "bam" in front of him, directly sitting on the old bear's desk, said in a bad mood: "Drink, choking you to death."
  
  Without making any response, Old Bear drank his water in one gulp and then wiped his mouth, "Gather everyone for an emergency meeting."
  Wei Qian went out angrily.
  
  Ten minutes later, the headquarters of all people, including managers and ordinary employees, all gathered in the conference room, the old bear sat on his butt in the executive director's empty position for more than half a year, silent as a big mute clock, only staring at his own hands and staring.
  The room was silent, all waiting for the dual spiritual and practical leader to give an account of the dilemma at hand.
  
  Difficult minutes passed, the old bear finally opened his mouth, "The whole project, is I forcefully arranged, must push forward, now this situation, is also my hand caused, I personally bear all the responsibility."
  
  Wei Qian felt that this rhythm is not quite right, just about to speak out, but the old bear as if he felt something, first raised his head and snatched the words, "Mr. Wei you have an opinion a little later, first wait for me to finish announcing this decision."
  
  Wei Qian leaned toward the back of the chair, the pen in his hand turned around, and the three fat people looked at each other, and said that I am afraid that this matter is going to be a bad dish.
  
  Sure enough, the old bear went on, "Now, about this matter, I propose two solutions to the problem, and I ask you - and the relevant decision-makers - to listen and make a decision."
  
  He took a deep breath and stood up.
  
  "First, from now on, I assume all responsibility, I will acquire your equity at a reasonable price, if the company eventually goes bankrupt, the limited liability person shoots his ass and walks away, the unlimited liability person, if he is forced to assume joint and several liability, I will send an agreement to all of you, and you can all recover from me personally, within ten working days, all of you can begin to be willing to resign resignation. "
  As soon as the old bear's words left his mouth, all the underground began to whisper.
  
  Three fat finally could not help but also out: "Okay, okay, all quiet - Brother Xiong, what is your bad idea? It's not even bankrupt yet, so you're breaking the back first? Other people have no responsibility? I think I have a responsibility, if we were all determined not to agree, you project proposal to push it?"
  
  The old bear smiled miserably and said softly, "You're all tied to the boat by me, aren't you?"
  Wei Qian: "Okay you stop bullshitting and say something useful, pre-bankruptcy."
  
  Old Xiong looked deeply at him and held up the executive director's sign on his own desk, "The second plan, is that I will give up my seat, from now on, do not have any say in the company's decision making, I'm only responsible for taking the final responsibility, and Mr. Wei will take over from me as this executive director."
  
  All eyes were focused on Wei Qian, and the corners of his eyes jumped.
  Old Bear turned to him quietly, "Mr. Wei, you may now express your opinion."
   
Author's comment: [Note] buyer's market: in short, there are fewer people to buy and more people to sell, there is an oversupply, and the market is dominated by buyers.
Leverage: financial leverage can use a very small amount of money to leverage a very large project, in short, borrowing a lot of money, if the profit, a very small amount of money can be a great gain, but the loss of the same. Leverage will exponentially amplify the investor's profit and loss.



49. Chapter 49 

  Later Wei Qian recalled, that moment - the old bear put him out in public point out the moment of flogging, his heart is really only a question and two choices: in the end with the Xiong Yingjun this goods a clean break good it? Or with him to die with good?
  
  But he soon did not have time to think about such a philosophical problem, the old bear to the side of the withdrawal of a step, the chair pulled back: "If you agree, then you sit over, now, I do not participate in any decision-making, you say, the last is dead or alive, the responsibility I share, if you do not agree, we continue to press the program one, I'm waiting to collect the body. "
  
  Wei Qian, who had been "yellow robed", looked at him, and his eyes transformed from a thousand words into one sentence: Why don't you just go and die?
  
  The old bear's gaze fell on Wei Qian, and then avoided Wei Qian's gaze.
  This is the end of all review and repentance.
  
  He knew it was a disgraceful thing to do, and the old bear squeezed the nametag on the conference table in his hand, but in his heart he knew as plainly as a mirror that this was as dignified an exit as he could manage.
  
  He could see clearly that Wei Qian's eyes were flustered in that moment when he was suddenly named.
  Stunned, disbelief and bewilderment flashed alternately, finally settling on a return of anger.
  
  But the old bear knew that he would come along.
  
  Wei Qian is such a person who does not see the coffin, has nothing to do with his age and experience, he has gotten used to the days when there is nowhere to run behind, even if the world ends one day and all the people are scattered, he must be the one who reacts the slowest.
  Only such a person can bear the backbone of a company, or even an enterprise.
  
  A few moments later, Wei Qian did as he expected, bowed his head and straightened his clothes, stood up and walked over.
  
  The old bear handed him the name tag, Wei Qian hesitated for a moment, took it, the chairman's secretary is well trained, before he had time to react to how this is the case, he first moved nimbly to change a cup of water in front of Wei Qian.
  
  The glass of water was placed on the table for a long time, and the surface of the water was still trembling, I wonder if it was because the hand of the girl who served the water was shivering all the time.
  
  Wooden chairs become cold when no one sits on them for a while, and Wei Qian felt those wild winds and waves that swooped straight at the helmsman from this coldness, which made him feel breathless.
  
  Most of the people here, except for a few youngsters who had just joined the workforce not long ago, were older than him, and they were all looking at him without saying a word. In this world, everyone would pick on other people's thorns, and even in the most detailed places, someone could find all sorts of reasons to look like they had the insight to point out one or two things.
  
  But most people who actually sit in that position are also overwhelmed by this extreme, exposed to risk trepidation.
  
  It may seem amazing to say so, anyway, at that time, just at the moment Wei Qian sat on the old bear's chair, his heart was originally like others, many grievances against the old bear have dissipated.
  
  "Why didn't I stop him?" Wei Qian asked himself, "Was it out of sympathy for Chen Lu?"
  No one will allow the old bear with hundreds of millions of dollars to play a sentimental hit, they ended up all the way to silence, the most fundamental reason, including himself, no one in the very beginning of the decision-making time to see the project's risk points. No one predicted that the small piece of hillside, within a few months will be divided into a surplus of villa market, no one in the flowery project proposal to see that it does not have an accurate and real customer groups.
  
  The market is fickle, all the wind and sunshine at the end of the day may be a hideous face, the Titanic have hit the iceberg, every day, there are countless ships of all sizes in which the silent demise of the sinking.
  And such perils are not so easily felt by ordinary employees or even management, because they are all in the eyes of those at the helm.
  
  Now, it's in his eyes.
  
  Wei Qian didn't make any inaugural speech, he just picked up the water cup and took a sip, moistened his throat, and said briefly, "Without mentioning anything else, please ask Mr. Xiong to talk about the sales situation of the project department, and then the budget department and the investment department will announce the funding shortfall, after listening to this, those who want to leave can adjourn the meeting in advance, and go back to submit their resignation applications to the personnel department in a timely manner, and those who want to hold on to the position will stay behind, and we'll discuss the focus of the next phase of work - Old Xiong, let's start with you."
  
  But the truth is, although he said so, but not a single person early exit, the job is not easy to find, as long as they can still open the payroll day, the employees will not voluntarily resign, as for the managers ...... in the first place if there is a
------------

Reading in sections 54

Maybe they wouldn't have gotten this far if they had had the determination and insight to "bow out early".
  
  The longest meeting was over, and Wei Qian and Old Bear were the last ones left.
  
  Wei Qian stood up and stood in front of the old bear, who closed his eyes.
  "What are you doing with your eyes closed?" Wei Qian said without a trace of humor, "You don't think I have the stomach to kiss you even if you look like this bear, do you?"
  
  Old Bear whispered, "I thought you were going to hit me."
  Wei Qian swept a glance around, "Here? That can't be, I'll at least wait until I get off work, wait for you to walk to a place where no one is around, and put a sack on you first before I fight."
  
  The old bear let out a low laugh, "What a rascal."
  
  He then leaned heavily against the back of his chair and threw his head back, gazing at the ceiling overhead.
  It was only after a while that the old bear said as if he were raving, "I sometimes wonder what I'm still doing here. Shouldn't I be taking Chen Lu far away, traveling the world, or waiting quietly with her for the last moment?"
  
  Wei Qian silently sat down next to the old bear, in front of the conference room that was empty except for them, and the long, translucent and cold stone-faced table, with its own light and strange shadows reflected on the surface, looked as if it were the opening of some kind of mystical fable.
  
  "But I know full well that at this point, seeing one side is less than the other, yet I still don't want to see her more. I can dream in the middle of the night that I died for her, and I wake up but I don't dare to look sideways at her face, do you think I'm sick?" Old Bear had green stubble showing on his chin, as if he hadn't slept in 10,000 years looked up at Wei Qian, a kind of ashen, silent frankness showing in his gaze, he said, "Qian'er, you still let me go over to the C City project, any need for me to run an errand, standby at any time."
  
  Wei Qian didn't know what he should say, he hadn't even been in a relationship, how did he know what was going on with people's couples again?
  
  "Fine, whatever." Wei Qian finished, stood up and walked away.
  
  Maybe one day Chen Lu will die and Old Bear will be relieved.
  But when that day comes, will the old bear still be an old bear?
  
  The years will congeal sand shimmers into stone; what will congeal the earliest, greenest love?
  Wei Qian suddenly regretted a bit about being angry at Wei Zhiyuan that day.
  
  Wei Qian borrowed the bathroom sink to wash his face, with the fastest speed to the regret and doubt all thrown aside, he knew that his priority is to have two things to do: how to stabilize his creditors, how to make the negotiation of the extension of the problem, as well as how to go to make up for the funding gap, C city project is to find a way to revitalize, or find a way to retreat.
  
  How that time was spent, Wei Qian never wanted to look back.
  
  Once upon a time when he had nothing, he was at home counting on his fingers with Mrs. Song for a hundred and eighty dollars, feeling mostly the pressure of survival, his responsibility was a family, to make himself better off, so that when his sister came to ask for pocket money, she didn't come up with some temporary excuse to hide out because she didn't have any.
  
  Now, he was considered the proletariat of the city, and no one would ever consider him a poor man again. Even though these days when you go out and a billboard falls and kills three people, two of them are some kind of total, no one would deny that he did mix it up.
  And the pressure he's under has gone from a family to dozens, if not hundreds, of people up and down the company's paychecks for the next month and hundreds of millions of dollars in debt.
  
  Three fat secretly told him: "humble, I do not hide, I really can not sleep, every night to get up in the house blindly sneaking, my parents at first thought I was hysterical it, they both almost sent me to the mental hospital. My father said let me quit and don't do it, two years ago, I bought a small store is still rented to others, take back to open a hot pot store by yourself, can only mix a subsistence first mix a subsistence, subsistence is also quite good."
  Three fat said the truth, he is now all day sad face, even and the beloved goddess to talk about love without spirit ...... even forgot to remind Wei Qian, about their family Xiao Yuan that all the way to the wolf dog looking at the bone like covetous eyes of the thing.
  
  Wei Qian commented on him, "Look at this bit of talent you have."
  
  Three Fatty glared, "Could you have slept? Why don't I believe it?"
  Wei Qian gave him a sidelong glance, "Do I look like I can't sleep to you?"
  
  Three fat look, his spirit is really good, not to say glowing it, at least the head and face are clean, the face is not ugly, there is no blood in the eyes, there is no black circles, speak with clear thinking, even the donkey's temper and the coffin face are playing normal, there are no abnormalities.
  
  The three fat people were then convinced, thinking that there really was a difference between people.
  Previously Wei Qian examined the key high school, he also felt that this kid hard work love of learning, now three fat found that the gap between him and Wei Qian is really like a rift valley, not to mention other things, on his old man this psychological quality, live can catch up with the year the loss of power and humiliation of the country is also eaten and slept with Empress Dowager Cixi, simply no cure.
  
  Empress Dowager Cixi has been in ancient times for many years, the spiritual world of that traitorous old woman has long been unverifiable, Wei Qian does not know how she is, but he knows that his spiritual world is always shaky and on the verge of collapse.
  
  "Sleeping" is simply his bragging to fool ...... not, properly packaged to stabilize the military.
  
  That year Wei Qian began to insomnia, before this, he never thought that this kind of problem will fall on himself, he used to prejudice that are those who have the money and leisure masters, only will be nothing to cover a chest insomnia and so on.
  For the first twenty years or so, he had indeed been able to fall asleep whenever he wanted, and now, he finally dared not stand still.
  
  I don't know whether he is considered physiological or psychosomatic, Wei Qian at the beginning is often busy until the latter part of the night, life is not regular, after one or two o'clock is not very sleepy, about to break the dawn can only squint for a while, over time, he realized that he can't sleep even if he lies down on time.
  
  To make himself look less like a dead dog, Weiqian started taking sleeping pills in small amounts.
  This matter had been a secret until it was discovered by Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  That day Wei Qian went out to meet a consulting company, came back quite early, Wei Zhiyuan recently have been with their own team to do the final debugging of the program, every day to get very late, go home to see Wei Qian's shoes in, bedroom door closed, thought he slept.
  Because the next day basically nothing to do, at this time and in the winter holidays do not have to attend classes, Wei Zhiyuan did not very anxious to rest, he simply wash up, then sat down and began to study the next step of the plan and the general idea.
  
  Near one or two o'clock, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly heard a sound in the living room, he did not care at first, and then felt that something was not right up - it seemed to be the movement of rummaging for something.
  
  Wei Qian's sleeping pills finished, he was busy and forgot, did not think to get up to buy, to the middle of the night as always can not sleep, after a painful roll in bed for a while, he blessed to the heart came up with a bad idea - a lot of cold medicines have sleeping ingredients, he decided to make up a temporary day, with cold medicine instead of sleeping pills.
  
  It is a medicine that is three times poisonous, Wei Qian knows it in his heart, and he also knows that eating too much of this stuff without being sick will harm the organs and brain nerves.
  
  But the pain of insomnia put aside, this is not intolerable, but Wei Qian the next day to negotiate the debt extension problem, there is a hard battle to be fought, how can this time can not sleep?
  The more Wei Qian thought the more anxious, the more anxious the more sleepless, to the end, he almost felt that even if the rat poison can make him lie down and sleep for a night, he can also dry a bowl without changing his face.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan observed him for a while and asked curiously, "Have you caught a cold?"
  In his impression, Wei Qian's physique did not belong to the kind that was prone to catching colds - if he was going to be sick, it would be a major illness, and he was usually fine.
  
  Wei Qian was startled, the cold medicine in his hand "snapped" fell back to the drawer, he looked back at Wei Zhiyuan, resentful thought, this kid grew up after the weasel like walking silently skills have not regressed.
  
  Wei Qian didn't bother to explain to him and just stalled, "Oh, a little."
  Wei Zhiyuan does not believe, Wei Qian speak and no abnormal nasal voice, does not look like fever, and to his brother's temperament, a little small disasters and small illnesses not to mention the initiative to take medication, he may not even notice.
  
  "A little? You're just looking for cold medicine in the middle of the night?" Wei Zhiyuan walked over, frowning as he suspiciously surveyed the medicine he'd taken, scanning through the effects and side effects with a single glance, and suddenly raised his head to ask, "Brother, you're not having trouble sleeping, are you?"
  
  Wei Qian expressionlessly cursed in his heart, "How come this son of a bitch can even see this?"
  At the same time, he calmly and incomparably stretched out his hand at Wei Zhiyuan, still saying perfunctorily in his nonchalant tone, "Well, a little bit--give it to me, and you take an early rest as well."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan shrunk his hand, "You can't take cold medicine like that."
  Wei Qian: "It's okay, not often."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him incredulously, "You still want to often? You ...... alas, you wait."
  
  He rummaged through a bag of milk from the refrigerator, poured it into a very small saucepan, put it on the fire to boil, and added a spoonful of sugar to it.
  
  This thing is full after drinking it doesn't work, Wei Qian has long tried it, but he didn't reject Wei Zhiyuan's good intentions, he just said next to him, "Just put it in the microwave and turn it around, no?"
  "That's different." Wei Zhiyuan said.
  
  How is hot not hot? Wei Qian didn't think of it, but it seemed to taste a little different, he guessed it might be because of Wei Zhiyuan's extra spoonful of sugar.
  After drinking he went back to the house, intending to wait for this little cub to fall asleep and then come out to seek a round. Who knows just lay down, Wei Zhiyuan but holding the quilt followed in, Wei Qian twisted open the bedside lamp, silently watched Wei Zhiyuan threw the quilt on his own bed, interspersed with a certain heavy object - peeled open to see, it is a rolled up in the quilt of a particularly thick notebook.
  
  Wei Qian: "What are you doing?"
  Wei Zhiyuan squeezed into his bed, "Watch you sleep."
  
  Wei Qian felt that although he was unable to sleep, he couldn't be said to be particularly awake, if he had to describe it, it would be that his entire nerves were in a state of numbness between sleep and wakefulness, he woodenly attempted to ponder how this was going to be, and after a few moments gave up and asked his baby brother, "Are you planning to knock me out with this?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said, "I have a new idea that I can tell you about, with very boring algorithms in between, let's see if I can put you to sleep."
  
  Before he could finish his sentence, Wei Qian had already pushed back the covers and sat up.
  "Uh, well, come on, get me a pen."
  
  "...... "Wei Zhiyuan paused and said helplessly, "It's just to give you a sleep aid, brother, don't always be so serious and earnest, okay?"
  Wei Qian pressed his somewhat sore temples with one hand and said with a bitter smile, "If this can also put me to sleep, then don't I have to sleep several times a day in meetings?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan thought for a moment, then suddenly tossed his laptop aside and laughed.
  Wei Qian was surprised to find that Wei Zhiyuan's eyes usually didn't look curved at all, but when he smiled, they were authentic smiling eyes, with both ends slightly curved, like a pair of beautiful crescent moons.
  
  "I see." After Wei Zhiyuan finished speaking, he screwed the bedside lamp to its dimmest level, leaving everything under the lamp only a shadowed outline, then he pulled back the curtains and pushed open the window, and a large strand of chilly air immediately surged in towards the warm interior.
  
  Wei Qian immediately got under the quilt, "Why the hell did you open the window? It woke me up completely, Mr. Xiao Yuan, can you please move to your own room and stop wreaking havoc on me here?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Look, it's snowing."
  
  It's hard to see what's out there when there's always ice or white mist condensing on the windows in the cold.
  As soon as Wei Zhiyuan said, Wei Qian saw the goose feather snow in the sky, and a few pieces even drifted into the house with the cold wind, and melted in the twinkling of an eye.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan reclosed the window, but left the curtains open a crack.
  He wiped the whiteness from the small patch of glass so that those in the house could see the snow that was thickening on the windowsill outside.
  
  Then he cleaned up all the materials on Wei Qian's desk and threw them under the table, pulled one of Wei Qian's graduation photos thrown in the corner and placed it right in the middle, and sat back on the bed, pulling the pillows and covers up and patting them fluffy and pulling them up to Wei Qian's chin.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but smile, "You're quite good at taking care of people."
  Wei Zhiyuan said, "When you're old, I'll still take care of you like this."
  
  Wei Qian failed to hear his metaphor of "growing old together": "When I'm old, will you be young? You are not my son."
  
  This time, Wei Zhiyuan didn't answer, he rustled around and lay down beside Wei Qian, raised his hand to turn off the lamp, leaned over and gently whispered in Wei Qian's ear, "Sleep, when the weather is good, the quilt will need to be tanned."
  
  Wei Qian's ears were very sensitive and couldn't help but try to avoid it, but Wei Zhiyuan released it at the touch of a button, and in the darkness, he could only see the light in his eyes.
  
  Curved smiling eyes, Wei Qian's mind suddenly flashed so a picture, and then Wei Zhiyuan's words in his ear seemed to generate some kind of magic spell, he was in a trance, he felt a freshly tanned, sunshine fragrance in the fluffy quilt that was patted.
  
  People lying on the bed, raised his gaze just through the gap in the curtains left by Wei Zhiyuan to see the small piece of cleaned window, and then through the window to see the snow in the sky, wrapped in the body of the quilt then appeared to be extraordinarily warm.
  
  The temperature difference between indoor and outdoor so that the clear glass is soon tinted with hazy white frost again, the icy sky and snow are little by little isolated from the window, and soon can not see, the party drank the sweet milk from the stomach to the limbs of the dense, played a subtle role in tranquilizing the mind.
  
  The milk that comes out of the heat on a low flame is really different from the one that comes out of a hasty turn in the microwave.
  
  The person beside him if anything let out an extremely comfortable sigh of relief, and in a haze it seemed that someone had hugged him, but this did not touch Wei Qian's weakened and sensitive nerves, and he fell asleep.
  
  Regarding what he had encountered outside, Wei Zhiyuan hadn't heard him reveal a single word about it; he was certainly concerned, but restrained himself, not mentioning a word or asking a single question at this time and on this occasion-because Wei Qian's anxiety wouldn't be diminished by a single point by confiding in him.
  Wei Zhiyuan just very skillfully matched the sense of sight, hearing, touch, taste and even the illusion that could be implied to make up a "home" for him.
  
  It is not a house, not even a home in the social or ethical sense, not a home that needs to be "home".
  
  It's the eyes that are cut off from the cold wind.
------------

Reading in sections 55

Where it is bitterly cold and torrential rain pours down.
  It is the landing place for the travelers who have been traveling in the wind and rain as if they were returning home.
  
  A good night's sleep.
  
  The next day, when Wei Qian was awakened by his alarm that had been a fixture for a long time, the sky was already bright.
  The sound of Old Mrs. Song shuffling and practicing walking came from the living room, Wei Zhiyuan went out early to look up information, and Xiao Bao went to class.
  
  Wei Qian hurriedly got up and washed up, in the dining room there was baked bread and fried yellowed poached eggs, and the bottle of sleeping pills he put on the table the first night was taken away and thrown away by Wei Zhiyuan.
  Since then, Wei Qian never bought sleeping pills and never needed them again.
  


50. Chapter 50 

  Lao Xiong is a very forward-looking person, he likes the atmosphere of liberal democracy and good discussion. With the public abdication of the founder, Wei Qian became the dictator of the whole company, and the old system of approval and discussion at three meetings and one floor soon ceased to exist in name only.
  
  In the words of Lin Qing, since Wei became Wei Dong, he is a person of the degree of terror, also followed the bird gun from the "sneezing monster" level upgraded to the "Biker Daemon King", the original humane, flat company is like a fragile soap bubble, was destroyed by his slap. The original humanized, hierarchically flat company was like a fragile soap bubble, which was destroyed by him with a slap.
  In less than a week after Wei Qian took over, the whole company turned into a concentration camp of mechanical operation.
  And it's amazing that under such as natty/heavy pressure, the productivity is almost twice as high as before.
  
  Personnel department lunch break time to close the door to discuss this result internally, Lin Qing summarized the reason: it is because every time Wei Dong coldly forced to look at the people who delayed him, the gaze can make people "two strands of war, a few want to go first".
  
  From Wei Qian's office to get out of the insider known as "Midnight Ominous Chime", the phone picks up, the one who has no beginning and end, a brief "come to my office", it is more horrible as "Avada Sobriety! ".
  
  The materials to be submitted to the creditors were called back by Wei Qian and asked to rewrite more than twenty times in a row, only the three department managers of the investment, finance and budget department wrote a few wants to grab the ground with their heads and kill themselves.
  
  They have to work overtime, administration and personnel of these logistics departments have to be coordinated, the entire headquarters even the front desk only dare to sneak out to buy drinks.
  And so it went on for more than half a month, day and night, with an average working day of more than twelve hours.
  
  As for the ...... weekend? What's that? Is it edible?
  
  Finally, the last version got a grudging approval from Wei Qian.
  
  "The realization that the new boss was a pervert was cast like a cornerstone in the hearts of every employee, but strangely enough, none of them quit in the end.
  When crisis strikes, perversions work much better than generous leaders.
  
  More than a month later, Wei Qian took three fat and two department managers to roll over several creditors and went through several negotiations.
  
  It turned out to be a success, and Weiqian dragged out the repayment deadline for a year.
  The price is that he has mortgaged almost all of his equity in the project company currently under construction in his hands.
  
  In the words of Three Fatty, "This is great, we've gone from a death sentence to a reprieve - hey, isn't that your Xiao Yuan? Why is he here?"
  Wei Qian had the car parked under the company's office building and poked his head out to ask, "What brings you here?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan from the bike down, a lunch box from the car window into his hands: "I have to go with a teacher next week to the field to open a seminar, may have to the weekend to come back, every day to do what, the bellhop aunt that I have accounted for, her wages and groceries I have paid, what you have to wash the clothes will be placed in the doorway of the small basket, she will go to get. The family's usual daily necessities I have also bought an extra copy prepared, grandmother usually take what medicine, I arranged in order, each take a few tablets I have written and pasted next to the bottle of medicine, if Xiaobao is not at home, you give her to take a little, three times a day."
  
  Wei Qian imperceptibly frowned, Wei Zhiyuan accounted for a whole lot of things although there is nothing that needs to be done by him, but listening to the ears really feel trivial and troublesome.
  
  "You have to remember to eat on time," Wei Zhiyuan said, "I bought a carton of milk and put it in the refrigerator, warm it up when you drink it, don't drink it cold."
  
  After Wei Zhiyuan finished his instructions, he seemed to remember that there were other people present, and smiled at the others as if he was a bit "embarrassed", "Brother, Third Brother, I'll be going then."
  When he finished, he carried his shoulder bag, got on his bike, and disappeared around the corner in the blink of an eye.
  
  The two managers looked as fantastical as if they'd just seen Laden picking his nose - despite the fact that their psychopathic boss hadn't said more than a few words from start to finish of the party, it seemed to be a pleasant one.
  
  What is the concept of Mr. Wei being pleasant?
  That's like Jurassic and donuts. They're two different things!
  
  At this time, the only three fat talk fish Mr. performance is calm ...... and even grim.
  He sensed a certain soldiering crisis from the perspective of a bystander - when had Wei Qian and his family gotten so verbose in their lives?
  
  Wei Qian's previous life is more casual ah, want to eat doughnuts open the window downstairs roar a voice, no change first owed, do not want to eat randomly grabbed a handful of rice, thrown into the pot will be able to cook a pot of congee, randomly get a couple of savory on the eat. And he rode his bicycle to school every morning that would be casually grabbed a piece of corn from Mrs. Song's pot, a hand holding the handlebars with one hand to carry a nibble. Although a few years have passed, but three fat still have a kind of vivid illusion.
  
  Three fat in the office for a long time, unconsciously will think in depth. Wei Zhiyuan gave him the feeling of a motionless spider, subconsciously weaving a kind of invisible and untouchable web of order in his family. Everyone would subconsciously get used to it and obey it - including Wei Qian, the outwardly strong head of the family.
  
  Three fat just clearly saw Wei Qian frowned, with the two of them grew up wearing crotchless pants friendship, three fat can read from his eyes "ah? Why suddenly said to go, really troublesome" such information.
  If this is in the past, not to mention the younger brother to go out for a week, or Wei Zhiyuan out of the country to go to the Antarctic two years of scientific research is no problem, who love to go wherever they want to go, as long as they do not die in the outside not to come back, Weiqian most likely will also be encouraging to give the plug a little bit of money - less in front of the eyes, he is more peaceful.
  
  Changed, without realizing it.
  
  Wei Qian got out of the car with his lunch box, San Fatty was busy following him and went upstairs with him, he decided to find out how this matter was meant to be.
  
  Three Fatty asked tentatively, "How come you've become your family's shirker?"
  Wei Qian sighed, "It's not like I couldn't care less."
  
  Three fat then said half jokingly, "You can not ah Emperor, power are hollowed out, the door of the Ministry of Internal Affairs rushed over there to open remember - you still know what brand of toilet paper you use at home, hourly workers an hour wage how much money?"
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  He really doesn't know.
  
  Once upon a time, when Mrs. Song was in charge of the family, she was illiterate and didn't know how to do a lot of things, but she still needed Wei Qian to keep an eye on things. Since Mrs. Song fell ill, it seems that in the case of no one noticed, these things were Wei Zhiyuan took over, Wei Qian seems to have never gone through the mind.
  
  Three Fatty shook his head, "It's over, Banzai, you're just waiting to be forced to usurp the throne."
  Wei Qian laughed and didn't take it to heart, thinking he was fooling around.
  
  Three fat on the circle and said, "Right, I still want to ask it, your family little far are almost three years old, in the school also did not find a sibling back to you?"
  
  This grandson was which pot not to mention which pot, Wei Qian's face changed at that time, "Don't mention this."
  
  Seeing that no one was around, Three Fatty followed Wei Qian's office: "What's the matter? Did he find a saltless woman or a river lion?"
  
  That would be good, as long as it was female and alive, Wei Qian felt that he could delight in it.
  
  The debt dragged on for another year, Wei Qian felt that he was so relieved that he didn't have time to breathe, and was blocked back by the three fat people, he didn't want to say at first, and wanted to casually make a ha-ha to put it off, and said, "People are busy every day, a whole lot of extracurricular activities in class and out of class, and they can also occasionally pull an investment in a gadget to make a little bit of money. "
  
  "Oh, this thing I know, when we were as big as he was, weren't we also fooled by the old bear saying that 'labor is the past, capital is the present, and technology is the future'? Outstanding now began to stare at the 'future'." Three fat said, "you are not at home when you travel, I saw the children once, all with computers, to your home party, a few children, there are two little girls, hey you do not say, there is a girl do not know how to grow, really quite 'future flavor', especially handsome! ......"
  
  Wei Qian can't eat and put the lunch box Wei Zhiyuan prepared for him on one side, holding chopsticks as a pen, turning it around between his fingers, finally couldn't help but listlessly tell the truth to Sanfat: "No way, that girl is good enough to be a celestial fairy doesn't work either."
  
  Three Fatty had a premonition that here, Wei Qian's answer was calling out, his eyelids fluttered, and he had a bitter feeling that his crow's mouth had come true.
  
  Sure enough, Wei Qian said feebly, "That bastard thing told me he had his eye on a guy, and I've been wrestling with him for years, and I can't get it back."
  
  Although the three fat people had expected it, but hearing it with their own ears, they still didn't know what expression to use to be good, so they had to put on a fantastical face as well.
  
  Wei Qian sighed, looked up and instructed San Fat, "When your own brother before telling you, don't give me to go out and talk nonsense ah, it's not good for the child."
  
  San Fatty looked at Wei Qian and painfully realized that the senseless brother was still counting the money.
  
  He knew that he could not say broken, for one thing, Wei Qian did not necessarily believe it, and for another, he really said broken and did not know what would happen, so he could only hold his hands in his heart to do a delicate form, and asked tremblingly, "Then ...... did not tell you who he looked at?"
  
  Wei Qian rolled his eyes, "Then who knows - it's not you anyway, don't be nervous, you're safe-looking."
  
  Three fat simply mourn his misfortune, angry, hooting and saying, "My brother hey ......"
  Wei Qian thought he was lamenting Wei Zhiyuan and waved his hand, "Let him be, I can't care anyway."
  
  Yes, silly brother, I'm afraid it's not up to you when the time comes--San Fatty gave Wei Qian a look with an expression of 10,000 bad points, silently stood up and left Wei Qian's office, finally realizing how he took high fever as fire and pneumonia as cold back then, and he had never hated Wei Qian's unconstraints as much as he hated them now.
  
  The more San Fatty thought about this after he went back, the more wrong it was, just like most straight men, Wei Zhiyuan's one-sided kind of twisted feelings toward Wei Qian made him uncomfortable.
  Wei Zhiyuan is he watched grow up, from childhood "three brother" called to big, three fat don't want to use malicious speculation him, evaluate him, more don't want to use "disgusting" this word to describe, but let him accept frankly, that is also can't do anything.
  
  San Fatty felt that he knew what Wei Zhiyuan was thinking, Wei Zhiyuan was brushing his presence in some way, and at this rate, one day Wei Qian would be unable to leave him.
  Because of the childhood family, Wei Qian and female interaction was originally some obstacles, three fat do not want to see Wei Zhiyuan go astray, more do not want to see him to his brother also involved.
  
  This won't do, it's dangerous if it continues like this, we have to think of some way to spoil this thing - SanFat secretly thought so in his heart.
  
  And regardless of what Three Fatty was planning, after Weiqian had used all his strength to temporarily settle his debt, he found a turnaround to revitalize the project, brought about by one of the most out-of-touch consultants ever.
  
  Large consulting firms ranging from one million to tens of millions of dollars, for this time "money is everything" Wei Qian, is too expensive, he can only afford some local, relatively small consulting firms, the other party sent a person to come and contact him.
  
  The person named Ma Chunming, and Wei Qian's own age, but also has a baby face, a smile two dimples, that face, clothes and talk, as if in the life interpretation of what is called "no hair on the mouth, do not secure", seems particularly unreliable.
  
  Wei Qian looked at his scruffy, old suit that looked like performance art, so he had to ask patiently and tentatively first, "May I ask what you majored in?"
  
  The counselor, Comrade Ma Chunming, proudly told him, "Food safety."
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  As soon as Ma Chunming saw his expression, his self-confidence was hit first, he carefully opened the folder in front of him and explained in a small voice, "But I don't think my specialty is important, I can quickly figure out an industry in ten days, that's the quality that customers need."
  
  Wei Qian thought about it, it makes sense, he himself is still studying life sciences from it, and now also by mistake to sit in this position, people are relying on this to eat, more or less should have two brushes, right?
  So he kept his politeness and gentleness and continued to ask, "So can I ask you, how did you figure out the whole industry in ten days for the kind of project you took on last time that had nothing to do with your field of study?"
  
  Ma Chunming contemplated for a moment, and said with a review like posture and tone, "This ...... is not hidden from you, this is actually my first contact with the business, I ...... I am a doctoral student who has just graduated from the school, and I have been on board for less than half a year. "
  
  What's the difference between a food safety PhD with no one to bring him up, no one to teach him, standing in front of a real estate boss who's been left in the Gobi with a child who's just learning to walk?
  Wei Qian even noticed that the other party's hand holding the folder was rustling and shaking.
  
  What do you mean, cheap is cheap?
  
  Wei Qian completely lost his already small amount of patience and planned to call the inner circle and ask this doctor out.
  Who knows that Ma Chunming this will be witty up, a look at his indifferent expression and raised his hand to take the phone action, immediately knew that he was about to be thrown out of the fate of his own, he hastily tried to save, with the same speed of speech as a machine gun opening desperately trying to fight for their own opportunities: "I I I really can understand an industry within ten days, you listen to our steps! "
  
  Wei Qian said indifferently, "I don't need to hear it, I don't want to pay a food student to teach me how to sell a house - not even a PhD."
  He finished by picking up the phone and dialing straight to administration, "Tell someone to come over here and give my guests a ride."
  
  Ma Chunming nervously gnawed on his fingernails, his eyes blinking so fast that his round face made him look like a jerking groundhog.
  
  
------------

Sectionalized reading 56

"You you listen for a moment! I'll finish in a moment - we'll first look into what this entire industry survives on, that is, what everyone sells." The groundhog said quickly, meeting Wei Qian's indifferent gaze, a layer of false sweat quickly dipping out on his forehead, yet he had no choice but to continue speaking in anticipation of a tiny bit of faint hope of impressing the young helmsman in front of him.
  
  "After examining the actual values, we look at what the sources of those values are, that is, what is ancillary and what is the focus, that is, what creates the value, between the beginning of 'production' and the outright sale."
  
  At this time, the door to Wei Qian's office opened, and a male employee from the administrative office first greeted Wei Qian in a well-trained manner, and then his gaze fell on the counselor who was on the verge of crying anxiously, and he said courteously, "Are you sending this guest out?"
  
  Ma Chunming did not expect that he would mess up so quickly, he immediately felt that his life was gray, with a kind of grief and indignation expression gazed at Wei Qian, wilted and picked up his own bag, full of despair: the world there is such a waste of my mind? After finishing his doctorate, he couldn't find a job that matched his field of study, and he managed to get into a "consulting company", but after he got in, he found out that it was called a "scamming company" or something like that, and he was despised by his customers for the first time when he was doing business. ......
  
  Ma Chunming felt that a person like himself living is still not going to die, so he decided that after leaving here, the first thing to do is to find a subway station to go down to the sleeper.
  
  Just then, Wei Qian suddenly spoke up, "No, I'll let you pour a glass of water for the guest. He's going to sit for a while longer."
  Ma Chunming, who was brainstorming how he had been crushed to a bloody pulp by the speeding train, with his eyeballs hanging out of the window, froze.
  
  Until the staff member poured him a glass of water and silently withdrew again.
  
  Wei Qian crossed his arms on the table, "What did you just say? The value of each part of the process from the beginning of the project to the selling of the product? Speak in more detail."
  
  Ma Chunming took a long breath and wiped the sweat on his forehead, "That is, first of all, we must figure out what links ah, what to do in the early stages, what needs to be done during construction, etc., and the impact of each step on whether the project can be successful."
  
  Wei Qian suddenly had a feeling of clarity, he found out where he was wrong.
  
  When we first worked with Mr. Zhang, Mr. Zhang's value was in his connections, he had a very good background in the area and was able to get the land they wanted at a good quality and low price, which was the value that was reflected in the significant reduction in the cost of the final product.
  
  However, not this time, Mr. Zhang was a landlord, and he had traveled all the way to C City to fight for a piece of land without any roots, so he lost his minimum advantage.
  The process of acquiring the land use rights was so smooth that it seemed to be taken for granted.
  
  But they should have known that the preliminary land link is obviously a very important value-added links, connections or planning superiority is the key point of value-added, these key points are not reflected at all, the Government approved the land use permit in a painstaking manner, it is not "Li Sheng Road no one picks, will be bitter" conclusion?
  
  Taking chances is not an option in the end.
  Wei Qian figured out the crux of the matter in an instant, and immediately flashed several directions for a solution in an electric flash.
  
  "Ma Chunming, right?" He looked up and smiled at the jittery groundhog, "We invite you to stay and complete this consulting work, and afterward, if possible, you are welcome to join our company."
  
  The next morning, Wei Qian went to the company for a meeting early, Wei Zhiyuan packed his bags, explained to Mrs. Song, and finally went around the house to make sure he didn't miss anything before he took the door and left.
  He didn't know how well he was doing with this strategy of nibbling and swallowing, Wei Zhiyuan decided that he wanted to test it out, it wouldn't work when he was around, and he would occasionally stay away for a few days in order to see how the other party's armor was being thrown off, which was why he agreed to his teacher's invitation.
  
  This is a progress test.
  Wei Zhiyuan still does not know that his opponent for some time to come is the invisible saboteur of Sanfat, and he is still optimistically estimating that, at this rate, it will only be a year or two before he gets his hands on it.
  He thought he still had a lot of time to work on it.
  
  Xiaobao briefly stayed in the dormitory of the art school during his vacation for extra training, so once Wei Zhiyuan left, the house was empty.
  
  Old Mrs. Song strained on her crutches and moved out of the room, slipping around the house twice, already sweating profusely.
  
  "I'm a wreck." She thought, looking down at the crutch in her hand, "I can't throw this thing away when I pick it up."
  
  She was in a depressed mood - in recent times, Mrs. Song had always been like this, when she was given food, she ate it, when she was given something to buy, she habitually reprimanded people for not being able to live their lives; she either looked angry or listless, and became extremely difficult to please, and no one knew how to cheer her up and make her happy.
  Mrs. Song clearly knew that she had become stupid, she began to lose her acumen for numbers, she could not do the math, and even the concept of money was thinning out. What she said before was forgotten in a couple of minutes, and it was only after a long time that she would think of it again, realizing that she had said annoying words.
  
  Mrs. Song was strong enough to survive, strong enough to recover well, but lost her ability to be happy.
  And once Bo, who could talk and laugh, was gone, she was even lonelier.
  
  Mrs. Song slowly moved her cane, opened the door and went to the next door, she intended to find Ma Zi mom to sit down, she is now talking ambiguously, have to say several times before others can understand, they are busy, Mrs. Song is afraid of inviting people to be annoying, so only Ma Zi mom has this time to chat with her.
  
  When she entered Asako's mom's house, Mrs. Song found Asako staring at an old, outdated map of the city.
  
  Mrs. Song asked, "What are you doing, her aunt?"
  
  Asako's mom turned her head and saw old lady Song, but she didn't panic, she knew that what she did would be a big fuss by anyone who saw her, only this old lady wouldn't.
  They share the same physical feelings of powerlessness and the same pain and loneliness.
  
  "Big Sister," Mamma Asako lowered her voice, and with a bit of a strange, pure and expectant smile like that of a child who knows she's about to go to the playground, she said to Mrs. Song, "I'm going to have to go."



51. Chapter 51

  Mrs. Song opened her dim old eyes and looked at Pocky's mom for a while, and even her ability to express herself was limited, obviously there were words that she wanted to say, but she couldn't make sense of the order, and could only allow them to be congested under her stiff tongue.
  
  Pocky's mom explained plainly, "You see, my parents are long gone, my man is dead, and now I don't even have a son, so I don't have any relatives. I myself and this appearance, was not much energy, live is also to others as a drag, but I always thought, if I do not live, three children and Qianer they suffer so much is not in vain? So I haven't dared to die, two days ago my big aunt came to visit, and told me that this house is worth a lot of money, which reminds me, this old life of mine is still worth a set of house money, I want to leave the house to those two children."
  
  Old Mrs. Song strained to say, "What are you thinking about?"
  
  "I'm not thinking blindly, I just want to pick a good place to go so no one can find me when I'm gone." Ma Ma said briskly.
  It seemed that life had become a painful burden for her, which made her run to death extraordinarily light.
  
  When Asako's mom said this, she turned her head and asked Old Lady Song, "Big sister, are you coming with me?"
  
  Old Mrs. Song hastily shook her head and expressed vaguely, "But I wouldn't dare, in our old family, whoever's old man is like this, then let people how to poke the spine of your family's children and grandchildren in later generations!"
  
  She said in a hurry, hemp mother heard several times before understanding, then, she laughed: "You think too much, my old sister, we live in this place, out and in, who knows who you are ah? The man or woman living upstairs is old or young you know? Who can poke who's backbone?"
  
  Old Mrs. Song could not retort, her eloquent teeth were crushed by a serious illness, and now that others were just scolding her to her face, she could not react to how to reply, and her face turned red with anxiety.
  
  Asako's mom smiled, "You take your time, there's no rush, both of our sisters are now idle."
  
  Although Ms. Asako didn't say it outright, isn't it death to go like this?
  How can people seek death? How ...... humiliating that is!
  
  Mrs. Song desperately thought about how to stop her, trying to slow her violently heaving breathing down gradually.
  Her short-term memory is so poor now that the events of decades ago are instead like stones beneath a riverbed, revealing themselves as the water dries up.
  Mrs. Song popped out one word at a time with difficulty, trying to make her bite a little clearer.
  
  "When I was seven or eight years old, just in time for the Japanese soldiers, they have a base camp on the west side of the city, in and out and a lot of Japanese women, my three grandfathers and their families live over there, adults do not dare to go, the children are no one to control, my grandpa let me go to them to send food. In fact, the tube is not afraid, my mother gave birth to five daughters, that will be called the girl piece, girl piece is not worth money, live a dead one, in addition to the mother, who cares about it?" Song old lady looked at hemp mother, earnestly said, "at that time I was young, also do not know fear, also do not know the Japanese soldiers will kill, how many trips back and forth, but it really did not run into anything, my grandfather said I life."
  
  Asako's mom just smiled meaningfully.
  
  Seeing that she could not impress her, Mrs. Song had to continue: "Then three years of natural disasters, starvation, no food, the brigade can share some food, but the family has an old man and a young man, and it is not our turn to eat. In the winter months, my sister-in-law and I took the last piece of salted cabbage lumps to cool water to eat, I said that in the spring when the wild vegetables in the ground to grow out will not starve. My sister-in-law said, 'Hey, do you still want to live until spring? I don't dare to think that much.' How did it turn out? We both survived until the beginning of spring, and lived to be two seventy year old bastards."
  
  This time, even the smile on Asako's mom's face became indifferent, and there seemed to be a film in her cloudy gaze that lightly isolated all of Mrs. Song's words from her ears.
  
  Old Mrs. Song painstakingly leaned over, grabbed Asako's mother's only remaining, deformed hand, and shook it twice with all her might: "Live, big sister, how hard it is, live!"
  
  Asako's mom was silent for a long time, but finally shook her head, "You don't have to say anything, I've thought it all out, when I decide where to go out and work out how to get there, I'll look for an opportunity to go."
  
  Mrs. Song sighed and wiped her eyes, but her eyes were so dry that she could no longer cry tears so easily.
  
  Asako's mom asked her, "Will you tell anyone else about this for me?"
  Mrs. Song had instinctively shaken her head before she had a chance to look deeper.
  
  Ma Ma Ma's face showed an expression that again looked like relief and as if she understood something, she made an assertion and said, "I knew ...... I knew ah, one day, you will be like me."
  
  Later, Mrs. Song, on her crutches and dragging her heavy feet, left from Ma Zi's place, neither of them could convince the other.
  Ma Zi Mom made her heart very uncomfortable, Song Laotai felt her face hot, also a little angry, feeling that Ma Zi Mom is not a thing, let down the three fat and Wei Qian and their hard work in the early years.
  
  Is the love of those who never leave each other no matter how hard or bitter just worth a few broken houses?
  
  Yet in the final analysis, Mrs. Song also admitted that Ma Zi was right on some level - she would either fail Wei Qian and the others for their previous hard work, or continue to drag them down.
  Either you fulfill your children's conscience or your own.
  
  Mrs. Song is afraid of death, and the more she comes to the end of her life's path, the more she fears death.
  She is so not allowed to be rescued back, it is not easy to recover to the present point ...... But when she trembled half a long time, only to open the door of the house with great effort, the heart is still in such a million not easy, and once again lamented to herself, "Waste, ah, living is really no fun. "
  
  But this mood of hers lasted for a short time, for that night, Song's set ended and she went home.
  
  Song Xiao Bao is not responsible for raising the family, not responsible for arranging the family's big and small matters, but only responsible for being poor and happy all day long, she has little responsibility, and she is doing well - indeed, every day is noisy and quite happy.
  Xiao Bao does not mind Grandma, Grandma's slow speech does not matter - anyway, the whole family, as long as she is there, there is almost no room for others to play, she alone can chatter the whole scene.
  
  Wei Qian pushed the door in, just in time to hear her in that hands and feet bragging: "Grandma I tell you that, when I mix well in the future, there is no chance that I also go to act in the movie! You've never seen a movie,...... no, it's not the same as a TV, it's much bigger than a TV screen, it's as big as a wall!"
  
  Wei Qian just stood in the doorway and couldn't help but smile.
  He remembered that when he was young, he always thought that this little girl was too noisy, and he didn't realize until now that it was a blessing to have one in the family that could be noisy.
  
  "Brother!" Song Xiaobao pounced on him with a mountainous roar, chirping, "Has this maiden lost weight? Is she pretty? Like a flower?"
  Wei Qian's expression was mild, but his words were still venomous as he said coolly, "Like, what a good dog-tailed flower."
  
  Xiao Bao monkey on him a good deal of pampering and play tricks, Wei Qian was not easy to pull her down: "Your second brother will only come back on the weekend, I also have to go on a business trip in the next couple of days, you're at home by yourself, take care of grandma okay?"
  
  Song Xiaobao hurriedly stood upright, "Don't worry, the people are your greatest backing!"
  Weiqian slapped the People on the back of the head: "Go and see if you have enough change at home."
  
  Song Xiaobao ran upside down to the cabinet where cash is usually kept to take a look and came back to report, "Enough ...... hey, wait."
  After she finished speaking, she went to Old Mrs. Song's room to take out the medicine she usually had to take and checked it out, pinching her fingers and counting, she turned back and shouted at Wei Qian, "Brother, grandma's medicine is almost out, it's time to buy it, you leave some more money for me."
  
  Watching Song Xiaobao run out, Old Mrs. Song couldn't help but slowly move her steps and poke her head out.
  She then saw Wei Qian take out his money clip and counted out a dozen blindingly red bills to Xiao Bao.
  
  The smile on Old Mrs. Song's face that hadn't fallen since Xiao Bao's return slowly disappeared.
  She thought, "Ouch, what, it costs that much for a single dose of medicine? Is this food all gold?"
  
  Wei Qian really had to leave the next day, and before he left, he left his home and headquarters in the care of Three Fatty.
  three fat guys
------------

Reading in sections 57

I don't know which tendon is wrong, talking about the story rehashed, and want to give Wei Qian matchmaking and pulling fiber.
  
  Wei Qian immediately turned his head into two big ones, "Third Brother, do me a favor, I can't even find my fucking north, and you still want to introduce me to girls?"
  The three fat people are very serious diagnosis said: "Can not find the north, right? Feeling particularly blind? Feel life is full of pressure, no fun to speak of, right? You, this is the lack of love."
  
  Wei Qian said expressionlessly, "I don't think I'm too short of love, my problem may be caused by the lack of money, you now give me real money to get a few hundred million, so that I can give my body on the spot."
  "Get out of the way," three fat hairs have exploded, "our family goddess shine a thousand years, just ...... on you this piece of stinking stone in the latrine, backward posting no one wants."
  
  Wei Qian shrugged, "Fine, if no one wants it, then I'll go."
  "Come back." Three Fatty said, from his body to touch out the last time he showed Wei Qian the girl's photo, hard to stuff him, "I told you last time, this girl is called Feng Ning, with Lin Qing a term, after graduation from graduate school stayed in the university, and now do administrative work while continuing to read up, once you get a doctorate immediately can turn into a formal lecturer... ..."
  
  Wei Qian is about to wail, "Spare me, I really ......"
  Three fat interrupted him: "People are highly knowledgeable, talented and good-looking, introduced to you counted cheap you girl good - I know you can't care now, when the project side of the matter, come back to meet and get to know each other, hear me? A lot of people chasing it, late will be the first to get in."
  Wei Qian perfunctorily said, "Let's talk about it after it's set up."
  
  Three Fatty's face suddenly changed, his expression sank, and he asked coldly, "What's the matter, such a good girl is still not worthy of you? You still talk about your family's little far all day long, what about yourself?"
  
  Wei Qian was on his feet.
  "Third brother will not harm you, I know you do not like this type, but live a life not only need to thump the heart, but also have to be suitable to long, a moment is to see the right eye, go home together every day nothing to fight and play, that can work?" Three fat sighed, slowed down the tone, almost bitterly said, "on your temper, how many young girls can tolerate? You need to find someone with a calm personality who is willing to tolerate others. What will happen if you meet her once? If it doesn't work out, you can find someone else, will you lose a piece of meat? You dare to take on such a big mess, but you don't dare to meet a woman?"
  
  Just once, Wei Qian finally let go.
  In fact, from the inside, he himself knew that he wasn't interested in Feng Ning, and was purely provoked by those few words from San Fat.
  
  It was as if he was simply desperate to prove that he was capable of being a positive role model for Wei Zhiyuan, and that he was capable of making adult, rational choices rather than succumbing to an inner caprice he shouldn't have.
  As for the vague twist in his heart, it was ignored by Wei Qian without any suspense, he has been accustomed to endure all kinds of pressure and unpleasantness, and he does not have much expectation and aspiration for married life.
  
  It's just the way people are supposed to be.
  
  And then Wei Qian took Dr. Ma and flew to the distant city of C.
  
  In the days when he just left, Wei Zhiyuan texted him every day as if he was in the morning and evening, nothing is too small, eating, drinking, pulling and spreading he has to inquire about everything, everything has to be in charge of, and even every day Wei Qian's side of the weather forecast to send a reminder to come over, annoyed to death.
  So after a while, Wei Qian as long as it is heard a cell phone rings, do not have to look, know that ten eight/nine is his unlucky brother again.
  
  Then one day, I don't know what happened, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly sent a text message without a clue and asked, "She is quite good?"
  
  Wei Qian did not understand, thought it was Wei Zhiyuan sent the wrong person, he originally intended to ask after a while, did not think that just a little thing at hand, after a while to forget.
  After that, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly stopped hearing from him.
  
  Wei Qian was a bit uncomfortable at first, with the unpleasantness of suddenly being ignored. But he called home to report the peace did not hear the little treasure and what abnormalities to the home, the family is all right, Wei Qian to himself, I guess Wei Zhiyuan is also something too busy to care about, the heart of the twisted feeling lasted for a few days, but also did not take it to heart again.
  
  The south is not like the north, the project will be affected by the seasons, Wei Qian arrived, the next day, invited a group of designers, spent two weeks, a combined set of remodeling program.
  
  The original villa area had two packages, a hospital located in the far north and a clubhouse in the far south.
  To the north, with the help of the hot springs in the mountains, they transformed it into a healing and wellness center incorporating women's beauty services, while the clubhouse to the south was transformed into a private school.
  
  In order to this school, the old bear was sent back, he flew around the country, almost mobilized all the contacts, which dug a famous study abroad training institutions, they invited people here, rent-free and for teachers to provide food and lodging and regular convalescence as a condition, with the help of that study abroad training institutions brand, packaged a "Private International Schools They used the brand name of the organization to package a "private international school".
  
  We provide a one-stop service from foreign language training to study abroad agency, and sign a guaranteed contract with students to ensure that they apply to a place of study that is above the grade of the guaranteed school.
  Tuition and service fees are waived for Villa District heads of household.
  
  This time, the advertisements were spread out in the name of "Private Profit International School" by the study abroad training organization, which quickly reached the target customer group, and turned a vacation villa into a "school district house", almost recovering the cost within two months.
  
  After half a year, the whole project was even directly liquidated, and even far exceeded the 200% return on investment expected by Mr. Zhang at the beginning.
  
  Of course, these follow-up work is the project company's marketing team, the sales office ushered in the first wave of guests from abroad came to see the house, Wei Qian knew that they this most difficult pass over.
  
  Halfway back, Ma Chunming asked him excitedly as if he had nails growing out of his buttocks, "So, is my consulting service this time considered a success? Counted as an introduction? Wei Dong, you said let me come to work for you seriously? I can ......"
  He glanced sideways at Wei Qian and suddenly closed his mouth.
  
  The airplane hadn't even left the runway yet, and Wei Qian, leaning against the back of his chair, had actually fallen asleep.
  
  It's not easy being a boss, Ma Chunming thought to himself.
  
  After the bumpy ride, Dr. Horse put down his little desk pad, took out his pen and book, and carefully and conscientiously recorded all the work he had done on the trip. Then he turned the book to the last page and on the blank page he drew a serious picture of a little turtle climbing up a hill.
  
  By the time Wei Qian was woken up midway by the flight attendant delivering the food, Dr. Ma's book already had a reinforced company of small turtles on it.
  The familiar style of drawing and vivid movements made Wei Qian recognize it at a glance after many years, and at once, the three words "Ma Chunming" became familiar, coinciding with the name of the person on the title page of the old textbook he had once used.
  Wei Qian couldn't help but ask, "You also graduated from City No. 3 High School in high school?"
  
  Dr. Ma hurriedly closed the book in a panic, regretting that he had gotten carried away for a moment and had shown his most unreliable side to his future boss.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but lose his smile, "It's fine, you draw it, it's quite good."
  He didn't expect that he would meet the "God Turtle" just like this, it's really not a good time in his life. He recalled the time when he took the second-hand textbooks and fought black boxing in the two provinces, and in the rumbling sound of the airplane engine, he lifted a slit of the downed visor, and a large piece of cloud cover was under the fuselage, and the strong ultraviolet rays stung people's eyes raw pain.
  
  Wei Qian's chest was suddenly wide open.
  
  ...... Of course, if he knew what Three Fatty had gotten up to behind his back during his absence, and what he was about to face when he returned, he might not be so happy so soon.
  
  On the first day Wei Qian left, San Fat sneaked into his house and told Xiao Bao that he had a piece of company information to get from Wei Qian's house.
  Po, of course, didn't have the slightest doubt, and walked by with the apple in his mouth without even looking at it.
  
  Three fat acquaintances to commit the crime, can be said to be twice the effort, into Wei Qian's room, three times removed his table original, obsolete graduation photo moved away, replaced with a photo of Feng Ning put, but also full of hints on the side of a small gift box - obviously girlish wrapped box containing a delicate lighter.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan originally did not expect Wei Qian would suddenly decide to go to the south, otherwise he would not go, a week later, he went home on time, although he did not realize the results of the observation, some regret, but he still insisted on harassing Wei Qian once a day, harassment is not happy.
  
  One day, he seemed to have finally annoyed Wei Qian, Wei Qian called back, first briefly inquired about the situation at home, and then began to reprimand Wei Zhiyuan: "Are you still finished? Telecom just opened a business in your village, will play with the phone, right? My monthly communication fee is even higher than that of the two-bit counselor over there who is in love!"
  
  The last few words of scolding in the Wei Zhiyuan listen to the sound of the great, to be lectured by the simply happy, but this flower flower has not been fully opened, Wei Zhiyuan was another message smashed blind - three fat knocked on the door, carrying into a few boxes of beautifully packaged snacks, a door handed to Xiaobao, said: "Your brother is not coming back! It's cheaper for you two, eat it."
  
  Xiaobao shamelessly peeled off the box while politely saying without any sincerity, "Aiyo third brother, you came just to come, what else to take ...... next time to take a few more boxes okay?"
  
  "Greedy for you." Three Fatty smiled back to her words, but intentionally or unintentionally swept a glance at Wei Zhiyuan, deliberately said in an ambiguous tone, "Don't be blindly self-centered ah, this is not for you to buy, people this is specifically for your brother to take."
  
  Bao had to stay in shape and didn't dare to eat more, only carefully breaking off half a piece to quench his craving, "Who is it? Who bought this for my brother?"
  
  San Fatty smiled mysteriously at Wei Zhiyuan, who was standing behind her, "Your future sister-in-law."
  He saw with satisfaction that Wei Zhiyuan's face suddenly changed.
  
  Xiaobao stayed for a moment, first frowning a bit uncomfortably, yet she took it in fast and quickly relieved herself, chasing after Sanfat and asking, "When did this happen? Why didn't my brother say anything? What does she do? Does she have a good temper? What kind?"
  
  Three Fatty laughed, "Your third brother introduced you, can you be wrong? Go to your brother's house and take a look, there must be a picture."
  Xiaobao immediately went there, she quickly found Feng Ning's picture on Wei Qian's desk and that gift box, fussing like she had found a new continent, and attempting to pull Wei Zhiyuan along to view it.
  
  "Xiaobao," Wei Zhiyuan suddenly spoke at this time, "Grandma seems to be calling you."
  
  "Oh," Song didn't doubt it, stuffing the rest of the snack into his mouth in one bite and turning around with his cheeks puffed out, "Here it comes!"
  
  Three fat watched Wei Zhiyuan gloomy face, he has never seen Wei Zhiyuan like this, that kind of undisguised coldness let three fat can not help but think of retaliation society perverted murderer, just the eyes let a person shudder.
  
  Wei Qian is blind, right? Can't even see this - San Fatty sighed this in his heart, foreboding that Wei Zhiyuan was going to tear his face off with him face to face, and that the words hidden underneath were going to come clean.
  
  Three Fatty pretended to be aware of the situation and looked at Wei Zhiyuan's expression and joked, "What's the matter? You're not happy?"
  Wei Zhiyuan first didn't say anything.
  
  "Alas, Third Brother knows that this is just like the feeling of a real father looking for his stepmother, and it's only Xiao Bao that girl who can be so heartless." Third Fatty pretended to understand and patted Wei Zhiyuan's stiff shoulders, pretending to say, "But think about it, your brother is your brother after all, even parents can't follow their children for the rest of their lives, not to mention brothers, there will come a day when you will all have your own families, this is the law of nature ah."
  
  Three fat finished, raised his head to observe Wei Zhiyuan s expression, however, in that young man s eyes could not pry out a little bit of clues, it was just a gloomy black inside, he finally could not help but speak off the cuff, "Your brother is not easy in this life, you ...... you... ... alas, let him worry less."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan lowered his voice, his lips barely moving as he said, "Third Brother, you do know?"
  SanFat didn't know how to answer, facing the extremely pale face of this child that he had watched grow up since he was a child, he couldn't say anything for a while.
  
  The corner of Wei Zhiyuan's mouth moved, seemingly sneering extremely quickly, and then he turned around and walked away without saying a word. The last look in his eyes made SanFat couldn't help but feel a palpitation, and couldn't help but think: This kid wouldn't be so stimulated that he would do something, right?

Author's Note: Notes:
Although the cause and effect have been changed beyond recognition, here is an adaptation of a real business case cited here



52. Chapter 52 

  Wei Zhiyuan doesn't know how he got through those days, which had to be described in one word, "darkness".
  
  At first, he was angry.
  To Sanfat, to that unknown girl, and even to the unknown Shou Bou.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that he was isolated by the whole world, and no one cared about his efforts to dig out. He saw in Sanfat's expression a helpless and emotionally compelled tolerance.
  But why should he need to be tolerated by others?
  Did he do anything wrong?
  
  He was like a man traveling in snow and wind, unable to see anything along the way, with only the one lighthouse to guide him with its faint but unique light.
  
  Now, they're taking what little they have.
  
  Anger is an emotion that does not last, like a handful of sand that will either soon be blown away by the wind or settle into a deep, rock-like resentment.
  
  After that, Wei Zhiyuan's emotions slipped into the latter.
  
  Resentment was like a seed that had been buried in his heart for twenty years, buried so deep, so stuck in his throat, that with a little wind and rain it would break through the ground and grow into a huge tree with flesh and blood attached to it.
  Crazy hatred pervaded every corner of his heart - just like a corpse, even though it was covered up again, it couldn't hide the odor of decay - even though Wei Zhiyuan was already trying his hardest not to show it, even Xiaobao, who had always been a big talker, sensed that something was wrong with him, and every time he talked to him, his tone of voice had to be eight degrees lower. Every time he talked to him, his voice was an octave lower.
  
  His resentment was directed at everyone, so spreading it out over everyone made it seem less intense, except for Wei Qian.
  Wei Zhiyuan himself does not know how many years, he even himself can not say clearly, to the big brother's feelings strong sticky to what kind of point, and even now almost some love and hate up.
  
  If you love them so much, you can't eat their bones, eat their flesh, or drink their blood.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's mental state was in a state of extreme numbness and sensitivity.
------------

Reading in sections 58

There was some kind of one-touch storm brewing in the state of the
  Just then, Wei Qian returned.
  
  Wei Qian from the plane down when people are confused, in the airport sent Ma Chunming bought him a large cup of strong tea, poured in, barely refreshed, and rushed to the headquarters for a meeting to report on the recent work points.
  By the time he got home, exhausted, it was after eight o'clock at night.
  
  It was hot in the south, he wore a thin shirt inside, and only hastily wrapped up his coat when he arrived over here, but the little chilly winds of the north still kept pouring into his clothes, and Wei Qian entered the house wrapped in the cold, his bare/exposed skin freezing white.
  
  The moment Wei Zhiyuan heard the door slam, his heart began to beat violently.
  He sleepwalked out, feeling the big brother standing in the doorway as if it had hit him alive and raw in the eyes.
  
  "Where are you at home? It's freezing," Wei Qian swept a glance at him, then asked without looking up, "Got anything to eat?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan couldn't say anything for a while before he answered like a walking corpse, walked into the kitchen, took two eggs and started dicing vegetables, intending to fry the remaining bowl of rice.
  
  Wei Qian said outside, "Xiaoyuan, you don't need to make so much trouble, there are leftovers for me to bring over and just have a couple bites."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan turned a deaf ear.
  It was as if he had to do something to keep himself superficially calm.
  
  Wei Qian thought he didn't hear, was steamed by the heat of the room, the lazy tendons of the whole body suddenly began to tangle to a piece, he was boneless like a paralyzed to the sofa, suitcases thrown to the side, and turned on the TV.
  
  By the time Wei Zhiyuan came out with a bowl of fried rice, Wei Qian had already fallen asleep leaning on the sofa.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's breathing stopped along with his footsteps.
  The large bowl in the center of his hand began to burn, yet it was as if his hands were numb and he couldn't feel a thing.
  
  Wei Qian's body shrank into a small corner along with the soft cushions of the sofa, the elevated legs hadn't yet had time to be lowered, one hand pressed vainly on the remote control, the other hand crossed over his chest in aggravation, the side of his head leaning against the back of the sofa, his chin almost completely shrunk into the collar of his coat, his face was bloodless, the dry cracked lips bursting out with tiny bits of dry skin and fissures, and the heaving and falling of his chest all seemed so inconspicuous.
  
  ...... looks like it's dead.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan heard his heart beat heavily.
  In his extensive but not selective reading, he had read many stories that mentioned making specimens of living people, which he had previously regarded as a curiosity and had never taken to heart, but at this moment, a similar thought was like a bolt of lightning that "clattered" and shattered his tattered mental world.
  
  If you let that person ...... never speak again, never open their eyes again, never see another person ......
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that he must have some sort of gene belonging to a criminal in his bones, and he began to walk forward uncontrollably, slowly approaching the unconscious Wei Qian, his gaze fixed dead on him as if he was possessed.
  Old Mrs. Song, who was deaf, had already gone to bed, and Bao hadn't yet gotten out of his evening study.
  
  Closer ...... closer.
  
  Close enough to hear Wei Qian's thin, steady breathing and see a hint of his unmoving eyelashes.
  
  At this moment, Wei Zhiyuan heart surged up without warning sadness, like a river that suddenly breaks the dike, raging mercilessly washed away the cold murderous intent that he embraced in his internal organs, he heard the tidal wave like a bombardment of falling crosswise sound, for a long time, and from it, and with difficulty to discern the voice of the heart that he had pressed to the bottom of the water, which was a brief and concise sentence ... ...
  How did he lose weight?
  
  The imagined resentment and the living person tore apart the love and desire in Wei Zhiyuan's heart.
  They hurt to the core, and then the two compartments become entangled in death, and finally they come together in a near-desperate clarity.
  
  The only thing that can overwhelm the innate paranoia is a bone-deep feeling, and Wei Zhiyuan knows that he will never be able to move such a feeling again in his life.
  
  He finally put down the bowl he was holding, curled up his fingertips that were reddened by the scald, gently pushed Wei Qian, and bent down to softly say, "Brother, wake up."
  ...... Wake up, I can hardly stand it anymore, please look at me, I can break my bones and soul for you.
  
  Then nothing happened, Wei Qian woke up after he woke up and finished off a big bowl of fried rice at light speed, probably didn't even bother chewing it before he just swallowed it, and after that he waddled around and dragged his suitcase back to the house and unsurprisingly saw what Sanfat had done - the person who could freely come and go from his room and do something as boring as that didn't do anything else.
  
  Wei Qian doesn't like to speculate about the people around him, and even more so, he was too lazy to think deeply about what Three Fatty meant by this, but he just felt that the fat man was too idle to be a pain in the ass, and cursed himself, "Fuck me, dead fat man."
  Then he tore off the box and threw it away, the lighter looked at it and couldn't tell how much it was worth, and casually stuffed it into a drawer, and finally snapped Feng Ning's picture over to it and found a nook and cranny to stuff it in.
  In his eyes, it was just a small prank by Sanfat, so small that he couldn't even talk about spicing up his life, and he forgot about it in the blink of an eye.
  
  He didn't even notice the upheaval in Wei Zhiyuan's heart.
  
  That day was the first day of the second month of the old calendar, it seems that it should be about to start the spring, but there is no spring, the whole day is gloomy, seems to be holding back a big snow, the river has not opened up, spring in a piece of cold weather is forgotten.
  
  The project crisis in C-City was officially lifted, and the entire company was treated to a belated annual meeting and extraordinarily generous year-end awards.
  I don't know if the mental state was too relaxed, but Wei Qian unexpectedly got up late that day, and it was only when Three Fatty ran and knocked on his door as he was getting ready to leave that he was hard pressed to dig him out of bed.
  
  Wei Qian soldierly and chaotically cleaned himself up, rushed out the door, and did not notice that he had lost something.
  
  On the way, San Fatty was still tentatively asking Wei Qian, "Did Xiao Yuan say anything to you?"
  "Xiao Yuan?" Wei Qian froze for a moment, "Tell me what?"
  
  Three fat eyes turned, busy interrupting the past, this period of time his spirit has been tense, lest Wei Zhiyuan do something irrational to hurt people and hurt themselves, however, Wei Zhiyuan even seems to have become a mute gun, nothing to say, nothing to do.
  
  Three fat thought: strange ...... Don t be holding back any big ideas, right?
  
  Three Fatty: "Hey, by the way, the evening party, even the celebration banquet, you know it, right?"
  Wei Qian: "Uh-huh."
  
  Three fat: "The invitations of the major shareholders and the previous various partners have been delivered, and family members can also bring ...... Oh yes, I also called Feng Ning."
  Wei Qian rolled his eyes.
  
  Three Fatty immediately warned, "But you promised in red!"
  Wei Qian could only wave his hand and let him go.
  
  As a result, when it came to the evening celebration banquet, Mr. Zhang came out again to make a demon, proposing that they hang out the big real picture of the project in C city, so that everyone can dip into the joy together.
  
  Although Zhang always this goods is the culprit who made them so dusty, but face after all still have to give, Wei Qian let a person to look for only to find that he was rushed by the three fat in the morning, simply forgot to bring out, had to temporarily call home, so that happened to be at home Wei Zhiyuan to send him over.
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan arrived at the downstairs of their company, the chairman's secretary was waiting for him and was busy welcoming him and said cordially, "You're Wei Dong's younger brother, right? He asked me to pick you up downstairs."
  
  The chairman's secretary is thirty years old, looks like a pure girl, but the character can be split without excessively a brown man, just spring breeze and warm and Wei Zhiyuan finished talking, turn your eyes to pick up a phone call began to stare and scolding: "You said you put the speech on his desk? You expect Wei Dong to find out by himself? Why don't you expect Columbus to discover a new continent again? You kids, can't you be more careful? How many times have I reminded you that you have to hand this to him in person, tell him with your mouth that it's an introductory speech before the dinner, not a congratulatory message from some unknown partner! If you don't tell him there is such a thing, he dares to go straight up and bow and tell everyone to eat and drink well, do you believe me?"
  
  Then, realizing that she seemed to have complained about her boss in front of someone's brother, she hurriedly squeezed out a smile at Wei Zhiyuan, and with her extremely fast face-changing speed, she said in a voice as weak and gentle as that of a small-stepping Japanese woman, "You're still a student, right? Alas, the job of those of us is to pay attention to these cockamamie things for the boss that they don't need to pay attention to, come to think of it, it's still more fun to go to school."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan politely smiled at her, but in his heart, he was obsessed with repeatedly recalling what the woman in front of him had said just now.
  
  You expect him to find out on his own?
  Tell him with your mouth ......
  
  The elevator quickly arrived, the secretary lady took the things Wei Zhiyuan brought, carefully arranged a place for him, "Thank you ah, specially run a trip, Wei Dong let you eat after dinner to take his car back together, there are poorly taken care of place with sister said."
  
  After saying that, she stepped on her high heels and ran away like a firecracker with rabies. Following her "launch track", Wei Zhiyuan looked up and saw his brother.
  
  Wei Qian is wearing formal attire, one hand inserted in his pocket, the hem of his blouse is folded up a bit by his wrist, the slightly cocked side reveals his hidden waist, the tie around his neck is still the same one that Wei Zhiyuan bought for him in the beginning. He was holding a piece of paper that someone else had just handed to him--probably the opening statement that the secretary lady had said just now.
  He was filled with impatience and seemed about to say something when a balding old man walked over to him and he had to briefly gather his personal emotions and give a smile that was just the right amount of warmth as well.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't stare at him with his good eyeballs until the lights in the whole room were dimmed.
  He watched as Weiqian casually folded the stupid piece of paper and stuffed it into the chairman's secretary's cup, walking up to the stage empty-handed and making a short but decent opening.
  
  The only light in the hall followed him, and all eyes followed him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan uncontrollably remembered more things - the teenager who killed a wild dog with a brick more than ten years ago, the laughter of being amused by the time-honored "suicide note", the embrace that came over to pick him up in stride and let him release the iron pipe in his hand, the smell of bruise ointment and cigarette smoke that stained the time of the day, the scars of the night in the hotel in a foreign country. The time-stained smell of bruise ointment and cigarette smoke, the scars of a late night in a hotel in a foreign country ......
  
  Cold, firm, gentle, anxious, angry, helpless ...... all the expressions that appeared on that man's face.
  
  The mingling party begins and everyone is as relaxed as they are relieved.
  Wei Zhiyuan had no appetite-he saw the girl in the photo, who seemed a little prettier in person than in the photo, standing next to Sanfat, glancing shyly at Wei Qian and lowering her head in embarrassment.
  
  That's her, isn't it?
  
  With Wei Zhiyuan s intelligence, he later calmed down, in fact, has guessed that his brother and this girl has not started, most likely the three fat deliberately stimulate his ...... But so what?
  They could totally start now.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't eat anything, he just poured wine on an empty stomach, wondering in the heart of the taste of alcohol, I want to give up?
  As far as he could remember, there had never yet been anything he wanted that he couldn't get, and such arrogance had finally experienced a devastating blow.
  
  Wei Qian did not know whether to give three fat face, or out of the heart, in front of Feng Ning acted like a real young talent, three fat watched them talk and laugh, not moving away, face is a stone fell to the ground of relief.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan closed his eyes, and the tangled and undulating scales in his heart finally tilted to one side.
  He thought: well, I give up.
  
  A full glass of spirits was then poured down his throat in a single gulp, burning hotly all the way into his stomach, but all that remained on his tongue was bitterness.
  
  It wasn't until the banquet was over that Wei Qian got rid of the others and found Wei Zhiyuan under the guidance of his secretary.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was smelling of alcohol and his eyes were already out of place.
  Wei Qian had to stand him up, "Bastard, you've even learned to drink, no one cares about you anymore, right?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stared at him in a daze, not saying a word and obediently stood up along with his big brother's hand strength.
  Wei Qian helped him all the way to his office, threw Wei Zhiyuan on a chair, and poured him a cup of herbal tea, "Sober up before going home."
  
  After saying that, Wei Qian took off his suit jacket and prepared to go out in a while to change into his coat.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan spoke softly, "Brother ......"
  Wei Qian tugged loose the tie around his neck that was strangling him a bit, and casually answered, "Huh?"
  
  "He's about to belong to someone else," Wei Zhiyuan thought despairingly, "I've already given up and he's still never known ......"
  
  The secretary's words ghosted back into his ears.
  Tell him with your mouth ...... Tell him ......
  
  Wei Qian realized that he didn't make a sound for a long time and thought that this drunken cat had fallen asleep.
  His tie was half undone, a few fingers still tangled in the middle, half of his side seemed to want to look back at Wei Zhiyuan, just then, Wei Qian was caught off guard by a person who violently pounced back a few steps, straight against the wall.
  
  "Brother ......"
  The man pressed heavily on top of him, and with another such ravishing cry, before Wei Qian could react to what was going on, his collar, which was still wrapped around his loose tie, was suddenly yanked roughly over, and a searing kiss blocked his yet-to-be-opened question.
  
  The desperate intensity of the turn of events swept through every corner in a devastating manner.
  
  Wei Qian's mind went blank.
  It was only then that he caught the scent of alcohol on the other man, too strong for words.
  
  Just then, the door to Wei Qian's office was opened, and the sound of the door finally roused Wei Qian's sanity as he pushed Wei Zhiyuan away.
  
  In the doorway stood the startled old bear.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan staggered and fell backwards, his back hit Wei Qian's desk, the papers on the desk shook and fell, Wei Zhiyuan slid down like rotten mud, he felt that he had taken a punch on the chin, his lips were broken by the teeth, the smell of blood rushed to his nose, and his eyes were full of gold stars.
  
  Old Bear quickly reacted and swiftly turned back to unlock the door, while rushing over to yank Wei Qian's fist that was about to fall again.
  
  "Qian'er!" Old Bear gave Wei Qian a shoulder bump, dragged him a distance away, and rushed to his ear, "Not here, all right!"
  Wei Qian felt his temples brought up the corners of his eyes in an endless flurry of jumping, and after standing up straight his eyes were almost
------------

Reading in Sections 59

As soon as he blackened, his face went white, Wei Zhiyuan infuriated him to the point of a sharp stabbing pain in his chest.
  
  Old Bear pressed him hard into a chair, frowned at Wei Zhiyuan and bent down to check, "Didn't knock the back of your head, did you? Can you still stand up?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan rejected the hand he reached out to try to give him a hand and staggered up, his wine had sobered up, but he didn't want to think or say anything, just stood in silence.
  
  Wei Qian's chest clogged with a breath for a long time before coming up, he did not want to explain to the old bear what was going on - even he himself could not figure out what was going on, so he had to pretend to be calm and said, "Looking for me to do what?"
  
  Old Bear looked at the mess and sighed, bending down to pick up the papers that Wei Zhiyuan had knocked away, and after a moment of silence, he said softly, "Qian'er, I want to leave."
  
  Wei Qian: "What?"
  
  "I'm going to take Chen Lu away." Old Bear whispered, "Quitting, my stake will be transferred out, if you are willing to take it, take it over, if not, I'll transfer it to a third party."
  Wei Qian took a deep breath, "You've decided?"
  
  Old Bear: "Uh-huh."
  Wei Qian was silent for a long while, finally closing his eyes and gently rubbing his temples, "Okay, I'll take it."
  
  Old Bear nodded at him, not intending to linger any longer, and turned to go, on his way out the door, he took a deep look at Wei Zhiyuan standing in the shadows, and seemingly sighed, "I'll call a driver for you."
  
  And there seemed to be more to the farce on this night.
  
  After Wei Zhiyuan left, Xiao Bao made a trip home to make sure that Mrs. Song had something to eat and got her medicine before she hurriedly had to go back to school for evening study.
  
  Mrs. Song walked her to the door as usual, instructing her to slow down on the way, and just then, Mrs. Song felt a warmth in her crotch/crotch, and she didn't react at first.
  
  Xiaobao unintentionally glimpsed, "Ya, Grandma, why are your pants wet?"
  Mrs. Song lowered her head as if she had been struck by lightning, and she was shocked and ashamed to find that she was actually incontinent.
  
  Xiaobao then understood, busy throwing his schoolbag aside, rolling up his sleeves to help her change her pants, "I'll help you first ......"
  Mrs. Song took a panicked step back.
  
  "Grandma don't move, I'll change your pants."
  
  "No need!" Old Mrs. Song, who had already sputtered, drank her down in a near hiss.
  
  Bao had never heard her make such a mournful sound and froze in place for a moment.
  
  Song old lady shivered and said, "You ...... you go ...... to school, go, go your."
  Bo: "Grandma ......"
  
  Old Mrs. Song held onto the wall with one hand and waved her walking stick at her, "Go! Quickly go!"
  Po hesitated, "So you can do it yourself?"
  
  Mrs. Song growled at her, "Go!"
  
  Xiaobao: "Well well well, I'll go right away, you ...... what's that all right ah, you slow down, come back at night I'll wash your pants ...... ah ah ah ah, you don't worry, I'll go right away, right away."
  
  Old Mrs. Song roughly shooed away Xiao Bao, feeling like a piece of her spine had been drained away, and it took her a full half hour or so to strain to change out of her pee-soaked pants and out of her sweat.
  She wanted to cry out in a sea of fishy smells, but her tears had dried and she still couldn't cry a single teardrop.
  
  Ten years ago, she came to this city all the way from her hometown to pick up rags, how poor she was then, how decent she was.
  She had never imagined that she would one day end up in such a state, and Mrs. Song almost felt like she wasn't really a person anymore.
  
  Just then there was a knock on the door of the house.
  Old Mrs. Song didn't respond for a long time until Asako's mom's voice came from outside: "Old sister, are you asleep?"
  
  Mrs. Song moved over and opened the door for her.
  
  I saw Asako's mom sitting in a convenient wheelchair and carrying a crutch in one arm, dressed herself up and glowing, and she didn't take anything except a map and a bottle of mineral water.
  
  "Old sister." Ma Zi Zi said, "I'm going to leave while they're gone; if I don't, it's going to get warmer, and I'll have to wait until next year."
  
  When it's warmer, the strays don't die so well.
  
  "I'll say goodbye." She finished, maneuvering her wheelchair toward the elevator with difficulty.
  Just then, Old Mrs. Song suddenly called out to her, "Her aunt!"
  
  Asako's mom looked back at her.
  Old Mrs. Song s lips trembled for a long time, "I ...... will follow you, join you."
  
  As if she had expected it, Ma Ma said without the slightest surprise, "You do it."
  
  And so it was that the two women walked out of everyone's sight, together, on a cold night with the line of snow falling, never to be seen again.
  Mrs. Song came from mid-autumn and went away to early spring, taking with her the last vestiges of dignity and decency.
  
  "I at least know two words, wrote a suicide note, and left a letter." On the way, Asako's mom and Mrs. Song said this.
  Mrs. Song asked, "What was written in the letter which?"
  
  "It says 'I'm not dead, I'm just gone'."
  It's not a death parting, it's just a life parting.
  
  Misery and happiness are not brought in life, but in death.
  Only dusk is gorgeous and supreme. --Hai Zi.
  
Author's Note: Volume 2 ends.



53. Chapter 53 

  Give life to time, not life to time - Pascal.
  
  Later on, in order to find Pocky's mom and Mrs. Song, Wei Qian and his team almost turned over the whole city, but the city is too big, all the clues in front of the eyes, and in the end, they are all catching wind and shadows.
  Some say they were seen near the artificial lake in the park, others say they went in the direction of the moat, and still others say they saw such an old and disabled woman in some abandoned bridge.
  
  Yet they finally came up empty.
  
  Pocky's mom and Mrs. Song are just gone.
  The one who was hit the hardest about this was Bo.
  
  No one wanted her to know about it if at all possible, but it was impossible to keep it from her when two people she'd spent so much time with disappeared.
  When his parents passed away, Bo was too young and uneducated to remember, but Grandma was different.
  Grandma was the closest thing she had.
  
  She was originally a little girl in the Garden of Eden who did not know the wind and rain, the departure of Mrs. Song, without warning, dragged her into the earth, and came face to face with the knife winds of time that she had never valued or truly experienced, and the moment she saw the blood, it was the pain that cut her skin.
  During that period of time Xiaobao was always fuming without any signs, occasionally she didn't know what she remembered, she would turn around and shed tears, she remembered that she had quarreled with her grandmother, she remembered that she was angry with her, she remembered that she always felt that training and exams were more important, and she would always involuntarily ignore her.
  
  When Mrs. Song was about to die of cold and hunger, when she took one last look at the world around her and found that there was not a single person she knew in the whole city, and when she looked around, her eyes were full of strangers, would she regret the decision she had made at that moment of hot-headedness?
  No one knows.
  
  She may be desolate and sad, or she may be at home with one foot in the land of the dead.
  It was all a thought of fate, and Mrs. Song truncated all possibility of a terrible future, and continued herself in another form, thickly colored, in the bloodline of her loved ones.
  
  Then later, Chen Lu, the bear's sister-in-law, was no more.
  I don't know if she is at peace, I think she should be upset that there are many such and such bad things in her life, right?
  
  She was too young, and was not a happy mourner, the funeral was held reticent and dignified, the whole company basically can go to all go.
  
  The old bear looks extraordinarily mild-natured in contrast to his successor, Wei Qian, who is devoted and gold-rich, not too old, and really not very good-looking, but middle-aged men who look visually beautiful are ultimately rare, so it's not much of a disadvantage.
  After Chen Lu's death, a handful of people had been playing with the idea of "Mrs. Xiong", some of them were simply concerned and wanted to introduce him to a new partner, and some of them were ill-intentioned and attempted to take over the vacancy themselves.
  
  Unfortunately, it didn't take long for all of these people to cave in - because Old Bear did something particularly out of character.
  
  He divided his family's wealth, his own parents were richer than him and didn't have to worry about it, so the old bear split his property in two, leaving half to Chen Lu's parents and half to a temple on the outskirts of the city, and then shaved his own head and went in to become a monk.
  It is said that because of its outstanding economic contribution to our Buddha, the old bear went in and worshiped directly under the abbot, becoming a late entry, seniority of the closed disciple.
  
  So many years have passed, and he's actually back to being the same big douchebag who hiked up and down the mountainous regions in the high altitude and lack of oxygen to buy pots and pans.
  
  And then later ......
  
  Wei Qian parked the car and dragged the newly bought big suitcase out from the trunk. The suitcase had already been filled with some things, all of which he thought he needed, the suitcase felt good to carry, it was very loadable, it wasn't heavy, it looked sturdy, and it looked good - of course it was good, Weiqian picked half a dozen of them before picking out the most expensive one like this one.
  
  This is not in line with Wei Qian's personal style, although he has long been associated with "poor", but not as he imagined, become a profligate profiteer, most of the money spent from his wallet and private card is not to buy anything for themselves, Chairman Wei is still an impressive dead stingy.
  If he personally needs something, he walks into a store and ends up buying away from one of the moderately or even moderately inexpensive ones. All of his clothes are the same old basics, and his shirts are always no-frills white shirts - so that he doesn't have to buy a bunch of ties to match his outfit.
  To be honest, if it wasn't for his own essence and appearance, when others saw this young man, 80% of them would think that he was either an insurance seller or a salesman.
  He also still drove his battered little McLaren, so whenever he needed to go out to meet people, he had to replace his transportation with the company car so as not to look too shabby when he was seen.
  
  The suitcase certainly wasn't something he'd spare for himself, Wei Qian carried it all the way upstairs and left it at Wei Zhiyuan's door, reached out and knocked on the door to get the attention of the people in the house with their backs turned to him before turning around and walking away without saying a word.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked back, his brother had already left, and not far away came a slamming of the door.
  He stood up and silently dragged the suitcase into the house, reaching out and rubbing the handle of the suitcase. And then, after a moment's hesitation, he walked to Wei Qian's door and stood still for a long time as if he were being punished, raising and lowering his hand three times as he tried to knock.
  
  After that glorious annual meeting, the two of them had been in this state - Wei Qian still did everything he could for Wei Zhiyuan, but kept treating him like air, and if he had to talk to him, he would be as brief as a telegram to conserve the environment and never look him in the eye.
  
  Originally, according to Wei Qian's usual temper, he would have been furious.
  Wei Zhiyuan was punched by him at that time to wake up the wine, and thought that he would be beaten up next, and on the way home, he even thought that Wei Qian might cut off relations with him and never talk to each other again.
  
  But none of it.
  
  The series of events that happened afterward left both of them drained, and Wei Qian didn't have the time or energy to beat him up.
  
  As for the worst ending Wei Zhiyuan conceived ...... he realized with hindsight that he had underestimated his brother s feelings, even though they were not the kind of feelings he wanted.
  
  Late at night, Wei Zhiyuan will be no reason to introspection and reflection, he found that "cut off, jade and stone" and so on, is the only thing that can be done out of the big brother's heart, but where there is still a little bit of emotional sustenance, he will never come to that point.
  
  Wei Qian's love and favor for his younger siblings were all in the immobility of day after day, becoming something almost as imperceptible as the background color, and now, instead, it was brought out in such a resistant attitude.
  Wei Zhiyuan felt some kind of lingering attachment to himself - it was time for him to go.
  
  Leaving was not his idea, is a day, Wei Qian printed out the enrollment information of several famous foreign schools, along with a card with money deposited in front of Wei Zhiyuan, and did not mention anything, everything is in the words: you look after yourself.
  A year later, Wei Zhiyuan had completed his application and a series of formalities, and he was about to leave on the next day's plane with his acceptance letter, flying to an unfamiliar country more than ten hours away.
  
  The person he loves is on the other side of the globe, and the long time difference makes the ancient saying of "sharing the same love for a thousand miles" an impossible illusion.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan ended up not alerting Wei Qian, and he quietly went out alone.
  
  He sat aimlessly on the bus, walking through the streets and lanes of the entire city, this place is so different from more than ten years ago, at first glance, the change is almost completely different, at that time, Wei Zhiyuan did not think that this place will end his wandering.
  ...... Later on, it didn't occur to him that this turned out not to be his last stop.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan did not know how far he had traveled by car, the bus drove all the way to the terminal, and he was the only passenger left in the downtown compartment where people can be squeezed into photos.
  The steward gave the young passenger a strange look and came over to remind him, "Young man, it's the end of the line, get off."
  
  Only then did Wei Zhiyuan wake up as if from a dream, and muddledly got out of the car in an unfamiliar place.
  
  Sometimes the outskirts of the city are as far away as the next county, Wei Zhiyuan first did not react to this place, he stood on the side of the road for a while, saw an illegal "one-day tour" group. The tour guide was holding a small red flag and leading the way in front of him, followed by a row of tourists who were as tired as dogs.
  
  There were just a few words of the narration that drifted into Wei Zhiyuan's ears, and he heard the name of a certain temple, and only after a while did he remember that this seemed to be the place where the old bear had gone to his home.
  Wei Zhiyuan does not know out of what state of mind, followed the group of tourists all the way to the entrance of the temple, he originally just wanted to take a look, did not expect to meet the old bear, did not expect to see the goods at the ticket booth.
  
  I saw the old bear with a big naked bald lady, clad in a robe, one hand to collect money and the other hand to pass the ticket, but also did not forget to spit on the tourists to sell some: "Do you want to buy incense? This temple wishing very good - want to ask for peach blossoms of the female masters please!
------------

Sectionalized reading 60

Line up over here, special promotion today, buy incense and get a free peace talisman, the master himself has opened the light, etc., today is limited to female monks only, that young man over there you don't want to get mixed up in it!"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "......"
  
  A big/wave of tours passed before the old bear took a break, wiped the sweat from his forehead with his wide sleeve, picked up the mineral water next to him and filled half the bottle in one gulp, and then sighed out a long sigh of comfort, "Amitabha Buddha!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had a chance to walk over at that moment, "I thought you were here to clear your head."
  
  The old bear looked up and saw him, somewhat surprised, and busily beckoned over a half-grown young monk to take over, asking Wei Zhiyuan, "Xiao Yuan? Why are you here?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled bitterly.
  
  The old bear looked at him, thought for a moment, and said, "All right then, since you're here, come with me and sit for a while in the Zen room where I live."
  Wei Zhiyuan gave a dispensable nod, just about to lift his foot to follow him.
  
  The old bear came back and added, "Wait, you buy the ticket first, we're a small business, you're not allowed to escape the ticket by virtue of acquaintance."
  Wei Zhiyuan helplessly took out a handful of change, he was understood, the old bear so-called "monk" is a special blasphemy.
  
  The temple is in the mountains, and in the heat of summer, the lush vegetation on the mountains is protected as a tourist area, and each one is raised to a lush green color.
  Through the tourists all over the front yard, the old bear took Wei Zhiyuan into the "tourists stop" in the backyard, but the inside of a moment of silence.
  There was a big long-haired dog lying at the door, and it was not in the least surprised to see the people; a little monk was cleaning the yard, and when he saw them, he greeted the old bear courteously.
  Near and far there seems to be the sound of knocking wooden fish and chanting sutras, melting in a long time in the cicadas, incense and candles nowhere to be seen, "the Buddha's clean place" feeling comes.
  
  This was an ancient temple, and there was no doubt that the meditation rooms were shabby. Of course, as the great treasurer of this temple, the place where Old Bear lived was already in the best condition.
  Old Bear burned a pot of hot water and made tea for Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan end up tasted a mouthful, only feel a coarse tea stalk flavor, he looked down, only to see the inside of the tea leaves stretching up and down, a piece of dance, are growing very rough, like directly in the big willow tree jerked a hand, get down the leaves directly to the guests to make tea to drink.
  So he put the glass of water down again.
  
  Old Bear asked, "It's almost dinner time, you came all the way here, did you tell your family? Does your brother know?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan suspended two fingers over the rim of the cup, turned the moistened teacup around, and replied in a low voice, "I'm leaving the country on tomorrow's flight."
  
  The old bear first froze, and then he was silent for a moment, sighed: "It is also quite good, in the future you come back to be a 'returnee to the sea', better off than all of us ...... at least better off than me."
  
  The corners of Wei Zhiyuan's mouth mechanically lifted as he thought: come back? Can I still come back?
  He changed the subject stiffly, "How does it feel to be a monk?"
  
  "It's okay, it's just weird to think that the kitchen doesn't make pork stew with vermicelli." Old Bear huffed, "Why, you want to come too?"
  Wei Zhiyuan laughed a little, did not squeak - he did not tell the old bear, the moment he saw the mountain temple from afar, the idea really popped up in his heart ...... but then it was dispelled by the buy one get one free at the ticket office.
  
  "Don't come, you have ten feet of soft red dust in your heart, surely you can't stay." The old bear said, remembered what, tone down, quite some self-deprecating said, "I'm not the same, my ten feet of soft red dust has been transformed into a colorful haze floated away."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan asked, "What else do you do every day besides selling tickets and incense?"
  "What selling? How hard to hear? Monks are also younger brothers who have to eat, and the poor monk's main occupation is still purification, only occasionally using the temple as a home and finding ways to generate some income for everyone."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't bother with him and still asked, "What are you repairing?"
  The old bear said, "Hinayana, I practice my own 'I Dharma Emptiness and Existence', and I can't learn that set of 'Four Regressions' and 'Six Degrees' in the Mahayana, and I just want to get myself I just want to get rid of the sea of suffering, and I have no intention to bring others with me. If you come to me for comfort, save your breath."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan shook his head, "I have no intention of seeking comfort, I'm already dead."
  
  The old bear snorted, "Junior, I believe you, huh?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was silent for a long time.
  
  The two of them were speechless for a long time before the old bear finally couldn't help but open his mouth again.
  "I am standing outside the threshold of the people, you again shocked, but also shocked me here, give you a few words of advice." The old bear said, "When I first saw you, I told your brother that you are a very 'thin' person, I have not had much contact with you in the past few years, but every time I see you, I feel that you are growing thinner and thinner, and are about to be as thin as a cicada's wing."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said without moving his expression, "Brother Xiong, are you saying I'm narrow-minded?"
  
  "That's right, Wiseguy, that's what I mean," the old bear admitted frankly, "Think about it, what do you feel is the most insurmountable thing, the most unobtainable thing, the most unconquerable thing you can't overcome in your life?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan did not speak, and a look of obvious pain appeared on his young face, and the old bear did not need to ask to know who he remembered.
  However, he just waved his hand without pity: "You want to say it is your brother? You this can not pass puberty little boy ah ...... your brother love you can not wait, you say he can have how wronged ah, somehow became the biggest psychological trauma in your life."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's fingers were about to pinch into the teacup.
  
  Old Bear: "Young people ah ...... gone or not, look at the outside world, give yourself ten minutes a day, think about how you have lived these twenty years. Qian'er is not your problem ah child, even if it is against the moral order, he as long as he is still alive and well, it is not your problem, you have more problems, but in the final analysis is still your own."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked up at him blankly.
  
  The old bear pointed to the tattered futon and walls in his meditation room: "Today I'm here, so sit here and have a good meditation, I'm going out to sell tickets. Some things, think clearly you will be indestructible, think not clearly you are trapped in the head. Your brother ...... he is like this in this life, you still have a chance."
  


54. Chapter 54 

  When Wei Zhiyuan left Old Bear's place, it was already early morning.
  
  He looked for the bus stop along the silent, deserted highway, the sparse street lights dragged his shadow long, a gust of wind blew away the light clouds, revealing the starry sky, the vastness of the universe at a glance, seemingly more silent on earth.
  Because the temple as a tourist attraction, after 4:30 p.m. will no longer sell tickets, reception time is limited, so in order to save resources, every day after 5:30 p.m., the last few buses to the city of the interval is forty-five minutes a trip.
  
  In the lonely bus station, Wei Zhiyuan is the only one leaning against the pillar of the station, waiting for the bus with his head down.
  
  Perhaps some places are indeed suitable for thinking, such as the prison to Wey's Riemann Conjecture and the Great Bodhi Tree to Sakyamuni's Buddha. In Old Bear's tiny Zen garden, Wei Zhiyuan's inner pain, entanglement and occasional malevolent resentment all ebbed and flowed before settling down slowly.
  
  At first, Wei Zhiyuan could not restrain himself from thinking of Wei Qian countless times, that was the person he thought about day and night, he even felt that he could describe every strand of Wei Qian's hair.
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't repress it, he let loose his desire to desecrate the man at his own whim, for it was likely that he would soon not even have the power to think about it.
  
  However, as the sun sank in the west and the muggy heat subsided, the smell of sandalwood penetrated through the cracks of the ancient wooden shelves, and his intense emotions rose and fell several times before finally quieting down in exhaustion, and somehow Wei Zhiyuan suddenly remembered the man who had died in the cold storage room.
  For many years, Wei Zhiyuan has never repented, never considered himself to be the least bit at fault, and even more so, after the incident has subsided, he seldom remembers it.
  
  Now, it is difficult for him to recall the image of that person, only the feelings at that time are still clearly imprinted in his heart. Wei Zhiyuan still remembers, after knowing that Wei Qian may never come back, he came back from the old bear's pharmacy alone, the cold handlebar that he encountered when he supported the car on one side and slumped down, and the vague rusty smell on it.
  
  Why did you kill that man?
  
  Hate?
  No ...... it didn't come to that, after all the man was just a coward and didn't do him any substantial harm.
  
  Is that for justice?
  Of course it was even more unlikely - Wei Zhiyuan felt that if he had that in his heart, the first person he would take out would be himself.
  
  His mental world is closed, selfish and cold and paranoid, perhaps in a moment of good mood, out of a show of hands to carry the little boy he met in the alley to his car, which is already the limit.
  Would he really have made it that far if something hadn't happened to his brother at the time?
  
  Meditative thoughts took him back to the summer of his thirteenth year, and as the minute memories replayed, a certain familiarity came flooding back, and Wei Zhiyuan suddenly understood all at once--that was the nightmare that had haunted him for more than twenty years, the feeling of powerlessness that was so deep that it reached into his bones and blood.
  All he did was compensate for the powerlessness of his early childhood, and that made him become at times scheming and calculating, even to the point of murder.
  
  But those things are like a black hole with an open mouth that only gets deeper and deeper, and even if he ends up a serial killer, he'll never be able to mend his heart.
  Well, that hopeless crush then became his new spiritual pillar, looking back, Wei Zhiyuan can for the big brother countless times knocked on the door of countless individuals, but only this time, to him to pick out everything, was shattered the last trace of fantasy, that pillar collapsed.
  
  Since ancient times, there is a road on Mount Hua, and he is walking on this narrower and narrower road, dying without stopping, dying without turning back, even if there is a cliff in front of him, he will go all the way down until he falls to pieces.
  ...... As if that would give him the comfort of saying that he was a strong man.
  
  Just then, a piece of headlights hit over, Wei Zhiyuan thought it was a bus coming, but when he looked up, he saw Wei Qian's car.
  
  He opened his mouth, unsure of what to say, and the rigidity of his movements like a puppet on strings made him look a little constrained.
  Wei Qian pulled down the window and gave him a "get in" gesture.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hesitated for a moment and sat in the passenger side, inclined his head to look at Wei Qian's cold side face and asked tentatively, "Did Brother Xiong inform you?"
  Wei Qian responded briefly, "Uh-huh."
  
  And then nothing more.
  
  He didn't want to talk, Wei Zhiyuan could tell.
  He was willing to drive halfway across town in the middle of the night to pick himself up, but he wouldn't say more than a few words to himself.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan leaned against the back of the seat, week after week the feeling of powerlessness spread over his whole body, he thought, what the hell am I going to do?
  
  The next day, Wei Qian didn't go to the company and drove Wei Zhiyuan to the airport.
  Wei Qian carried a suitcase for him and sent Wei Zhiyuan to the customs port in silence all the way, put the suitcase upright on the ground and put it away, rarely looked at Wei Zhiyuan squarely and said to him, "Let's go."
  
  After saying that, it was as if he was getting rid of a heavy burden, turning around and walking away, seemingly not even bothering to take a second look.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan grabbed his arm.
  
  "Brother, can ...... you give me a hug?"
  
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes, his gaze falling on the near-spasmodic hand that was pinching his arm, then he slowly reached out and peeled Wei Zhiyuan's hand down, and just turned around and walked away without saying a word.
  He was so hard-hearted that whenever he refused, there wasn't even a hint of turning back.
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan walked through the customs alone, he seemed to feel that the entire gate of the country was closed behind him, and the unspeakable loneliness reflected off the light-reflective floor tiles, stinging his eyes.
  
  But he didn't know that Wei Qian hadn't actually gone far.
  Wei Qian wandered outside the waiting hall alone for a while, smoked a cigarette, then retraced his steps back, found a fast food restaurant to sit in, ordered a drink, and kept looking at his watch, waiting for Wei Zhiyuan's flight to take off smoothly.
  
  When he was alone, the cold expression finally cracked open.
  
  In Wei Qian's impression, Wei Zhiyuan will always be the little cub with thin arms and legs that would rustle into his arms, and when he closes his eyes, he can recall the way the little thing lost his first tooth and cried and begged himself to sell him.
  Wei Qian had even attended a few of Wei Zhiyuan's parent-teacher conferences, which was a good job because all one had to do was to sit squarely in his seat and play deep and wait for the teacher to praise him, never having to be ready to be counted on at any time like when he was Xiao Bao's parent.
  
  What a great kid.
  But what is this situation now? Wei Qian didn't know how he should face Wei Zhiyuan, and had always been able to only be indifferent to each other.
  He also knows that this kind of treatment is inappropriate, Wei Zhiyuan grew up to be such a sensitive child, every time he frowned only gently, the child will always be the first time to be silenced up, no matter who's the reason, Wei Zhiyuan will first be careful to self-reflection.
  Wei Qian could imagine how much he was hurting people's hearts like this, but what else could he do?
  
  The airport was crowded with people dragging suitcases to and from the airport in a hurry, and the fast-food restaurant played a certain foreign song accompanied by a guitar, like a parting that no one knew was coming.
  
  That little brat ...... just walked away.
  
  Wei Qian sighed, pushed away his empty drink cup and stood up to leave.
  
  Bao got into an art school in the south and went to live there, and now, Yuan is gone too.
  Next door, Asako's mom's house was always empty, and he regularly asked someone to clean it, as if she would ever come back. And Three Fatty and Lin Qing got married and moved out from their parents' place.
  
  His home, his neighborhood, seemed empty.
  
  Many years ago, Wei Qian and the three fat people put together a number of savings and compensation to buy a house, with their own forever out of the shantytown excitement, move into a new home when the scene is still vivid.
  
  Today ......
  Wei Qian shook his head hard and forced himself to stop thinking. If he would also be sad and miserable, he would have long since run out of time to do anything else.
  
  In the blink of an eye, Wei Zhiyuan has been gone for half a year.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan quickly adapted to life abroad - he can adapt to any life very quickly.
  He's on it every day.
------------

Reading in sections 61

Classes, doing papers, going to the library, having wooden Buddha beads wrapped around my wrist, and going to church regularly.
  
  Like Old Bear, he doesn't believe in the gods of the East or the West, and he doesn't even want to find salvation in them; he just wants to find a place where he can settle down and face himself quietly.
  Wei Zhiyuan always remembers that when he was leaving, the old bear sent him a sentence: "All mortals love and hate greed and anger, but it's just a matter of thought."
  Thousands of people, in fact, is just each choose to amplify and repress different thoughts, put down the ridiculous self-esteem and arrogance, peel back the skin and flesh, to hide the dirt of their own research, there is a sword that can penetrate the world.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan will regularly call the home landline at regular intervals, wanting to hear the voice of that person, he did not dare to call Wei Qian's cell phone for fear of disturbing Wei Qian's work.
  However, if Xiaobao didn't come home on vacation, the home phone was basically unanswered. Wei Zhiyuan didn't know if Wei Qian had heard the caller ID and deliberately avoided himself, or if he was too busy to return home.
  
  ...... Oh, by the way, there was a time when Wei Qian picked up.
  Wei Zhiyuan had not yet had time to make a sound, he heard the other side of the ocean there came a sound of something falling to the ground, clattering for a while, and then there seems to be a heavy object smashed on the ground, and then he "fed" several times, and then there is no movement.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't dare to hang up, he guessed that Wei Qian most likely touched the phone off, hung up and then couldn't call in again. He hurriedly changed the phone and called Wei Qian's cell phone, but still no one answered.
  Xiaobao was too far away and as far away as he was whipped, and in the end, Wei Zhiyuan had to find Sanfat.
  
  He hung up the headset on the phone for more than an hour, only to wait until the three fat rushed to his home, picked up the phone at his home: "Brother, still ah? It's okay, your brother just drank too much, when he answered the phone, he tripped over the phone line, he didn't get up, sleep and get up, don't worry about it."
  
  Is this all right?
  What kind of life is he having over there?
  Wei Zhiyuan hated to immediately book a flight back, but then thought, go back he can not do anything, his brother may not even bother to care about him, let alone let himself on his life to tell him what to do.
  
  Until New Year's Eve - Chinese New Year in the lunar calendar.
  Wei Zhiyuan and the domestic time difference of thirteen hours, he pinpointed the time, in the New Year's bells ringing half an hour before dialing the home phone, this time, out of his expectation, only rang a sound, the other party answered, familiar voice from the phone side flowed: "Xiao Yuan it?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan thought he had already prepared himself mentally, but he was still routed by these three simple words, and it was almost difficult to help himself.
  He didn't know how long it had been since he'd heard his big brother speak to him so calmly.
  Wei Qian talked to him for a while that day, like when he was a child, patiently listening to how he lived over there, what he learned in school, whether he made any new friends, until the conversation was interrupted by the sound of firecrackers like the world war on Wei Qian's side.
  
  Wei Qian glanced down at his watch - his watch had long ago been replaced with a dual time zone model, which always showed the time in another time zone.
  He said, "It's almost lunch, isn't it? It's New Year's Day, so you find a place with lots of Chinese people and eat something nice."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was shaken by the noisy background sound and couldn't hear too well, "What did you say, brother?"
  
  Wei Qian laughed to himself and raised his voice to say loudly over there, "It's nothing, have a good day at school, I can't hear you, I'm hanging up."
  
  There were no lights on in the living room, nor was the TV on, Wei Qian was just sitting on the sofa, seemingly just waiting for a call from someone.
  When the family have their own room, live a little more comfortable and deliberately bought a large house is scary empty - Xiaobao because of the dancing specialty, was picked by a movie crew, the Spring Festival also did not come back, Wei Qian did not tell her, in fact, that film himself also invested in the funding.
  
  Wei Qian put down the phone and pressed his not very comfortable stomach, intending to cook himself a bowl of millet porridge on New Year's Eve.
  After the old bear left, Wei Qian became the company's legitimate core, just one or two years, the company in his hands expanded several times, private enterprises are not easy to survive, hundreds of employees follow him, every time he has to personally face the frontier, racking his brains to dredge up all kinds of relations, he is always on the road, there is always endless entertainment, often more than a pound of white wine poured down.
  
  Wei Qian does not know he so play life can still play a few years, but the years are not forgiving, with age, he is finally no longer that was a punch in the stomach, rest for two days can also be alive and well as a teenager, tobacco, alcohol and labor is little by little emptied his body, Wei Qian can feel the process.
  
  Just into the winter, there was a time when Wei Qian drank too much to go home, just entered the door in a daze, heard Wei Zhiyuan's phone, he heard the transatlantic phone, immediately rushed to pick up, which was accidentally tripped.
  At that time he directly on the ground unconscious, wait until the three fat hurried over, only finally dragged him to the bed, who knows that later just because of this little cold, actually once again triggered his pneumonia.
  But the three fat people were so worried that the way they looked at him almost made Wei Qian feel that he was already dying.
  
  Wei Qian contacted Feng Ning a couple of times, but in the end, it didn't work out. Feng Ning likes the kind of man who is "superficially indifferent, but inwardly deep friendship", rather than Wei Qian's "superficially polite, but inwardly dispensable" type.
  
  Later, three fat and introduced him to several girls, like Wei Qian's girl quite a lot, but which is particularly shallow, for the sake of money, full of fantasies do not live and so on those unreliable, were professional matchmaker three fat filtered out, he carefully selected, looking for are willing to live well, really like Wei Qian this person's good girl.
  But this kind of good girl who doesn't seek money or is not very vain, mostly seeks pure and beautiful love, which one is willing to put up with a man's task-like coping with himself?
  
  Finally, Wei Qian still got used to the days when he was alone.
  He himself is nothing, three fat every time he saw him are sad face, as if this matchmaker when not professional, how sorry brother, and then three fat also voluntarily became his professional blocking the wine household, before is a person down, this time often two people down together, other is nothing, just make Lin Qing very opinionated.
  
  Just as Wei Qian was setting the porridge pot on the stove, the door slammed, and before he had time to turn around, he heard Xiao Bao's staggering voice: "Aigoo, tripping over my head, brother are you home? Why don't you turn on the light?"
  
  Wei Qian was almost a bit incredulous, "Why did you come back?"
  
  "I couldn't let you spend New Year's alone, so I took a half-day vacation and flew back, I'll leave at four tomorrow morning, and I'll catch a flight after six, so I'll rush back." Song Xiaobao jumped up and ran into the kitchen, "What are you going to make for dinner? Ouch ancestor! You're not going to drink this, are you? Duck and dodge, I want to make noodles, I want to eat dumplings!"
  
  Luckily, there is a maid.
  
  And just like that, it's another four years in the blink of an eye.
  Four years later, Wei Qian did not expect that he would meet Wei Zhiyuan in that situation.
  


55. Chapter 55 

  It's a long story of a child without a mother.
  The causes and consequences can be nothing short of coincidental.
  
  The place where Wei Qian and his team did their first project back then now has a mature project department, of course, limited by the development of the city itself, the investment scale of this team over here has not been large, and the staffing is not very refined.
  It happened right here.
  
  It started with Mr. Zhang's cousin.
  Mr. Zhang himself is a well-known pitbull, which is already beyond dispute, but his cousin is not simple - back then he was the secretary of the municipal party committee, and has now given mention to the province.
  
  Through some gossip, Wei Qian they also heard that this valuable cousin in a few years is likely to be directly transferred to the municipality as a hand, this person is extremely good at camping, broad network, background is quite deep, and during the term of office is also very some political achievements, the three or four lines of the city's core business district than the provincial capital of what is not bad.
  Right now it's anyone's guess as to what pace his future holds.
  
  So this line of relationship is something that must not be broken for Wei Qian and the others.
  Even though Wei Qian and three fat agreed that the pit has been their Zhang always a nail in the brain, but with Zhang's relationship has been maintained very well, usually private often off-site to and from, eat and drink, is that he introduced some unreliable projects are looking for excuses to push.
  
  Cousin back to his hometown, is to give his old mother - that is, Mr. Zhang's great aunt birthday, the old lady eighty-nine, according to local custom, the elderly birthday to avoid the whole birthday, the main birthday a year in advance of the big over, then she is also equivalent to the ninetieth birthday.
  
  Mr. Zhang and his cousin manipulated a great deal, the invitation or Mr. Zhang personally ran, sent to the headquarters of the chairman's office.
  
  The birthday girl, the old lady, had been so dumb that she didn't even recognize her son, and as the theme mascot of the birthday party, she showed her face the whole time just sitting in her wheelchair, and was soon pushed down by the nanny to be fed mushy food with a small spoon, and the next thing you know, the birthday party had turned into a club for members of the relationship network.
  
  Wei Qian and three fat one person with a very pretentious business card box, basically can only put very few, blink of an eye sent out, had to rely on the magical chairman of the secretary Xiaofei at any time to replenish the ammunition.
  
  After a three- or four-hour-long birthday dinner, which is more laborious than negotiation, the friendship between the guests and their hosts is naturally divided into three, six and nine classes, and the closest ones of course have to stay behind and have another chat in a different place.
  This day the big leader cousin more face, with Wei Qian them, and when the cooperation of Li Fengya Li total, sat down to drink several pots of tea, which is the day and night back to the provincial capital, only left a drink to find the north of the total Zhang to entertain the guests.
  
  Wei Qian immediately let the project department open up, so that Li Fengya accompanied the seat, back to invite Mr. Zhang a meal, the total Zhang served to the heart of the flowers, plus the possibility of his own turf, Mr. Zhang more or less a little fluttering up, so he played the wine crazy after dinner, made a mess - not pulling the Wei Qian them to find a place to "! to spend time".
  
  On the way, Three Fatty said to Wei Qian with a vegetable face, "I have an ominous premonition."
  
  Sure enough, Mr. Zhang led them to a splendid private club, and at the entrance, a row of beautiful girls with heavy make-up had already lined up neatly and were waiting to greet them with smiling faces.
  
  Li Fengya is a burying head to do the real people, home and chaff old wife and a son and a daughter, a see this battle, wine are scared awake, waved his hand and said: "Mr. Zhang, old brother, this is not, this is not good? Your sister-in-law she ...... this is not appropriate!"
  
  Mr. Zhang was drunk and unreasonable, once he heard it, he was not happy, his face was put down: "What? Li brother look down on me? Do you think that my surname Zhang's hospitality is not good enough, or do you think that these sisters are not good enough to talk to you?"
  
  Li Fengya face with vegetable color, brain see sweat, Wei Qian to three fat made a wink, three fat quickly smile like Maitreya Buddha to round off the scene: "Li brother is not afraid of the day or two days, Zhang total your first day to know him? Last time I saw my sister-in-law, it was really ...... wife a roar, he was scared legs straight shivering, you say your old brother so generous hospitality, is not a test of our will?"
  
  He said some words in a oily tone, Mr. Zhang heard a little taste, expression and slowed down, pointing to Li Fengya said: "Don't worry, you can rest assured, our brothers who with who ah, mouth tight, today's matter, a little wind will not let sister-in-law hear! Alas, it's all my fault for not thinking carefully, I must carry something to see my sister-in-law some other day."
  He gave a step, Li Fengya's heart is no longer willing, but also not good to give face, can only pinch the nose to make a look of joy and smile.
  
  Mr. Zhang casually wrapped his arm around a leading woman and said with a big tongue, "Come! Introduce to my brothers, this ...... this is my sister, my own sister, that ...... over there are, are my own brothers, you must, must greet well, hear me?"
  
  Just like that by the "seventy-two rows of brothers and sisters is a family" Wei Qian and three fat in addition to together "huh", can not think of other expressions.
  
  Mr. Zhang was shaking, and his "dear sister" called two girls to help him in one by one.
  
  "A moment you can not fall off the chain, this I really can not play, Lin Qing must make me into bacon." Three Fatty took the opportunity to use mosquito sounds to talk to Wei Qian, "This old shameless, his son is about to get married, but also to make this set - hey, he was not quite able to end, but also quite will be attached to the elegant?"
  
  Wei Qian stared ahead, expressionlessly squeezing a few words out of his teeth, "Do you know what 'sticking scallions up a pig's nose' means?"
  Triple Fatty: "What do you mean?"
  
  Wei Qian: "The old bastard is pretending to be there."
  
  As we speak, under the strong request of Mr. Zhang, the "pro sister" personally walked over to Wei Qian, the "pro sister" showed a warm smile from afar, and she made a good draft in her belly, intending to follow Mr. Zhang's words, first come to some pro brothers and sisters and other nonsense, and then I'm going to follow up on Mr. Zhang's words, and then I'm going to talk some shit about my brothers and sisters, and then I'm going to stick up and touch my hands and lead them in.
  
  As a result, she ran into Wei Qian's cold gaze at once, and her abdominal draft sparingly froze into a pile of messy scraps.
  
  Wei Qian passed by her without looking, arriving twenty paces away before changing his mask-like face to a smiling one, "Older brother is taking his brothers to grow in knowledge, we are all very 'benefited' ah."
  Mr. Zhang did not hear Wei Qian damage him, but also as praise, cheerfully received.
  
  Three fat self-confessed cultivation for a thousand years, also can not repair such ghosts and gods to avoid the aura, hastily backward small broken steps to keep up, borrowing Wei Qian's residual shade to defend the chastity of every inch of fat on their own body, at the same time secretly sent a text message to Wei Qian's secretary: "Called the project department of the people come to the rescue, late you guys will be dead."
  
  The chairman's secretary, Faye, received a level one alert and hurriedly curved back to ask for help.
  She did not dare to neglect - these years, they Wei Dong has evolved from "ordinary pervert" into a "great pervert", countless people because he left, there are also countless people because of him. Countless people have left because of him, and countless people have stayed because of him. The company has gone through several ups and downs, and in the end, it has killed its way out of the times, and has survived and grown up.
  
  Efficiency, irony and hierarchy have permeated the entire corporate culture.
  
  At noon at the birthday party, a person specially through the relationship of Mr. Zhang to find over, want to resell a piece of land in the hands of a few managers of the project department were all assigned the task of going out to visit, just when the double holiday, other people did not go to work, the project department only the budget and engineering of the two young boys to stay behind.
  
  They weren't of sufficient rank, and were usually youngsters who followed the work with bitterness and had never experienced this kind of sugar-coated treatment, so when they heard the summons, they all didn't know where to put their paws.
  
  What should we do? Yoki can't let the headquarters personnel Lin Qing
------------

Reading in sections 62

Big Sister herself came to catch the adulterer, right?
  
  So either lie about Wei Dong's girlfriend checking in?
  But Wei Dong is a diamond bachelor without a girlfriend, everyone on earth knows that.
  
  The two youngsters combined their ideas on the road, their hair turned white with worry, and even seriously considered the maneuverability of setting fire to the clubhouse and creating a fire alarm, and in the end, they finally couldn't think of any other ideas.
  
  Engineering guy said: "Have to think of what urgent need Wei Dong to deal with things as an excuse, what things? Hey, either say we have a site fire, do you think so?"
  Budget Guy asks, "How many can that burn?"
  
  The engineering guy thought about it, ran that algorithm somehow, and finally gave an estimate on his fingers, "Just seven or eight."
  The budget guy smacked the engineering guy hard on the head, "Thinking about setting fires all day long, I'd say you don't have arsonist tendencies, do you? Think of something more reliable!"
  
  The engineering guy then held his big bald head and thought, his dry engineering brain running hard for a long time, and finally in a flash of thieving light he came up with a top notch bad idea.
  
  The two of them in the vicinity of the club to find a seller of boiled beans, self-conducted a people and cars grabbing the road, and finally had a scrape "car accident", get off the "noise", noisy to the full martial arts, budget guy yelled at the project department registered in the local company name, but also Said: "I'm a public car, you scratch me, worth how much money know? Can you afford to pay?"
  
  While they were arguing on this side, Xiao Fei had already run upstairs and added to the report in front of Mr. Zhang's face, Wei Qian had never heard of such a illogical idea, and the corners of his eyes jumped on the spot.
  
  He was busy walking down with the three fat, but Mr. Zhang, who was only concerned about the world, immediately commanded a large number of beautiful women, starry-eyed also followed out, as if he had to witness this humiliating scene.
  
  Wei Qian viciously gouged out the secretary, the corners of his eyes jumping even more.
  
  I saw that the collection of a hundred dollars of Uncle Maodou addicted, the more you play the more like the real thing, and enjoy the pleasure of "cursing the street to make money", both sides of the two against one, but also evenly matched, but the back of the blockade has been a number of cars.
  
  Just then, a young man dressed as a civilian stepped out of a pickup truck that, from the looks of it, looked like it was going to be scrapped.
  
  The young man was tall and sturdy, his exposed skin was pitch-black, his pants legs and cuffs were pulled up in an unkempt manner, revealing a string of antique sandalwood Buddha beads on his wrist, and on his head he wore a straw hat that looked blown up from several breaks, covering half of his face, and on his waist hung a huge fanny pack that looked like it was loaded with a camera of some sort of chunky size.
  The young man who was innocently blocked here walked over, patted Uncle Maodou's shoulder, and reached out to separate the two opposing sides: "Brothers, I don't see how the people are doing, nor the car, and it's fate to meet them on the road, so why bother? Forget it."
  
  The project department two young man looked at each other, said that the holy emperor did not save out of it, can not dare to just let it go, but impede the traffic, they are also very embarrassed, dilemma, the face shows a look of bitterness, only the mouth is not the heart, colorful and hard to call: "that, that that can not be just let it go, we have to ask for a statement! This old man obviously just intentionally blackmailed people."
  
  The young man saw something fishy and smiled good-naturedly, "So are you guys going to make this grandpa pay?"
  As soon as he heard the word "lose money", he was immediately scared to death, and immediately wanted to fall off the chain, and was too busy to open his mouth in fear and defense: "I hadn't wanted to ......".
  
  The young man from the budget department, seeing that he was about to be exposed, quickly yelled at him, "Don't say it! Don't say it! It's your fault, what do you have to say?"
  
  The hairy bean seller pointed at him, "Obviously you told me to ......"
  
  The two youngsters caught a glimpse of Wei Qian heading this way, and said that they couldn't drop their chains at the last minute, so they had an extraordinarily strong feeling and roared in unison, "Nonsense, it's you!"
  The decibels were so loud that they bluffed the hairy bean seller.
  
  Just then, a not-too-high or not-too-low voice came from not too far away, and Wei Qian impatiently said to the chairman's secretary, "Xiao Fei, who's still barking there?"
  
  Faye, the elite secretary, was busy responding sagely, rushing over in her stride, viciously stomping on each of them, and saying gruffly, "Shut the fuck up, all of you!"
  Seeing this development, the mawkish bean seller's eyes rolled back in his head, according to the progress, the next part should be the scene where he sits down and cries, he took a deep breath before he had time to brew up his emotions.
  
  Suddenly, the young man next to him, the one pulling the frame-the minuteman-like young man-lifted the brim of his hat up a bit, froze for a moment in Wei Qian's direction, and called out, almost a bit uncertainly, "Brother?"
  
  Later, according to Faye's account, she didn't seize the opportunity to quickly snap a picture of her boss's expression at that moment, which she simply regretted for the rest of her life.
  
  Wei Qian's expression was first very calm, as his eyes fell on the young man, after recognizing who the man was, suddenly became stunned and shocked, behind him was a coaxing frame Yangzi drunken General Manager Zhang, as well as three palaces like the six houses waiting for the parade of bad practitioners of the women, these dogs and men together form a kind of majestic and spectacular background ......
  
  After causing Wei Qian to be stunned, he was finally left with a face of embarrassment.
  
  He froze for a few moments before murmuring, "Far?"
  Three Fatty desperately blinked his eyes twice that were muddled by alcohol and asked cautiously, "Brother, are you ...... you just coming back from digging coal in the West Mountain?"
  


56. Chapter 56

  Probably Wei Zhiyuan's appearance looks too downtrodden, even Mr. Zhang was moved.
  He thought, his brother looked like a just finished cattle back to the desolate look, a long way from the old overseas society to return to the motherland family, how to disturb him to enjoy the warmth of the family? So Mr. Zhang had the good sense to retreat once in a while.
  
  In Mr. Zhang's long life, he knew that the word "understanding" is no more frequent than Halley's Comet wobbling in the night sky with a big tail.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's appearance as the Goddess of Mercy, immediately dispersed a cadre of demons and monsters, three fat proposed that the three of them to find a place to sit.
  Wei Qian then turned his head and Xiao Fei accounted for a few words, finally, his eyes turned to the engineering budget two guys, the terrible Wei Dong suddenly like a vampire revealed a contained but not revealed horror smile.
  
  "Gotta apply for a Nobel Prize for those two kids tomorrow." Wei Dong said lightly.
  Faye asked, "Oh, which award?"
  
  Wei Dong: "Disgraceful special award."
  With these words, he walked away with his hands in his pockets under the fearful gaze of the two young men who had been silenced.
  ...... As if bullying these unlucky kids would give a little pathetic balance to the million dollar embarrassment that had just occurred.
  
  Three Fatty circled around Wei Zhiyuan's pickup truck, kicked the tires, and reached out to scrape the rust on the door, "It looks useless, but it's quite sturdy."
  
  "I just got off the highway, checked before I got on the highway." Wei Zhiyuan took his broken straw hat off and held it in his hand, glanced at Wei Qian and somewhat uncomfortably lowered his rolled up sleeves, "Hey, brother."
  
  Wei Qian took a look, well, only the teeth are still white.
  Wei Qian many years sitting in the position of corporate soul, was young, and then staggering, that has to be more unlike, so he has long practiced a set of joy and anger in the city to, at the moment, no matter how the mood is the ups and downs of the waves, but the face is still in the short period of time after the loss of temper quickly recovered, at this time just flatly nodded: "Well, eat yet? "
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "No, I haven't bothered today."
  Wei Qian then reached out and patted Wei Zhiyuan's back, "Let's go then."
  
  A third-tier city, the sky is the limit, and the area is full of drunken pin-ups.
  The three walked to a restaurant and went inside to find a secluded booth.
  
  Wei Qian took the menu and didn't ask anyone else's opinion, flipped through it from beginning to end, ordered the dishes within five minutes, then threw the menu away and said to the waiter, "In addition to serving the dishes, no one called you guys don't have to come in, and give me a bowl of millet porridge - porridge aren't there? Then go across the street to the congee store and buy me a bowl to go."
  
  Three Fatty quit and started protesting, "Why is it all this kid's favorite food, where's mine?"
  Wei Qian lifted his eyelids and swept him a glance, "I ate all day today, not enough for your old man to play?"
  
  Three Fatty: "Do you have a conscience, drink a belly full of booze okay? Not all for you to block? Then who - little sister, serve me a plate of braised pork."
  
  Wei Qian twisted his head and snorted softly, "Merging like with like."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan quickly found out, so many years past, his brother looks in addition to the aura more lively some, dress more people dog-like some, not too different, to say there is a change, is more will not speak human language, he recalled from the party met to now, in addition to the outsider to Mr. Zhang, Wei Qian basically has not been polite to anyone.
  
  Big brother probably just saw himself a bit unresponsive at first glance, this will come back to his senses, Wei Zhiyuan had a premonition that the other party's firepower would be coming over soon - he always couldn't help but have a bit of masochistic tendencies in front of Wei Qian, knowing that Wei Qian's such a bad attitude was never clear inside and outside, even the damaging and then the sarcasm had almost become a certain kind of his unique, way of expressing closeness.
  
  Sure enough, Wei Qian took a sip of tea and looked Wei Zhiyuan up and down before frowning and asking, "Why did I return all the money I paid you? You wouldn't have disguised yourself as a black slave to work on an illegal farm, would you?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan willingly took some of his burdens, his gaze refusing to tear off as if it was glued to Wei Qian.
  Wei Zhiyuan said: "This is a long story - I returned to China, the first stop is Hong Kong, that place is not all countries around the world tourists, all around the currency exchange points? Basically, you can change money anywhere you want, but after staying in Hong Kong for a week, I forgot about changing money, and then I went to Taiwan, and when I landed at Taoyuan Airport, it was almost 11:00 p.m., and all the money-changing places at the airport were closed, so I remembered that I didn't have any Taiwan dollars to use, and I couldn't even buy a ticket on the airport bus. Fortunately, I ran into a sunset group from Taichung, a few aunts see me poor, so I was led back to Taichung, in the people's home for a few days, by the warm hospitality is a little bit not very good, it happens to be that they have an orchard, I went over to the people to help out a few days, and came out of the sun into this demeanor."
  
  What's all this? Wei Qian said, I fucking let you do the heaviest work is on New Year's Day cleaning glass, send you out just to let you come back to the orchard as a short-term labor?
  He said with a stern face and a grimace, "Oh, I said why don't you go home when you're back in China, so it's because your home is too small to fit you as a returnee doctor, isn't it?"
  
  Three Fatty interjected, "Hey, Qian'er, your old man take a break first, wait until he's full before spraying, okay - Xiao Yuan, you too, come back without even saying hello."
  When he said this, he paused for a moment, glanced at Wei Qian, and hesitantly and incoherently tried to ask Wei Zhiyuan, "Or is it because you don't want to see anyone? Haha, it won't be Third Brother me, right?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan raised his head, his eyes did not dodge to meet him, with a little smile, but no more haze, he said bluntly, "Which words, when I was ignorant, third brother is also for my brother ...... and I good."
  
  Three Fatty did not expect him to dare to say it in one bite in front of Wei Qian, and immediately froze.
  Wei Qian, however, as soon as he heard the tone of the words, his heart immediately guessed a seven or eight, he lowered his head and turned his tea cup with his finger, not showing anything, so as not to embarrass all three people.
  
  "I'm not not going home." Wei Zhiyuan changed the topic as if nothing had happened, "We do a thing over there, I belong to the official work, that car is my rental, the thing is done on the way home, was thinking to tell my brother, and ran into you ......"
  He remembered something, and his expression became a little odd, "You guys ...... that something."
  
  The three fat instantly can not care about the words just now, waved his hand: "Do not say ah! Are surnamed Zhang's old boy old immodesty, we are his hard to pull over, even the scene is not made on the intention of skipping, I'm I'm I'm a decent person with a family, you do not discredit my innocence."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan burst out laughing.
  
  Wei Qian has never heard Wei Zhiyuan laugh so cheerfully, and seldom has he seen that he can be so talkative with Sanfat as well, not to mention that he has never heard that Wei Zhiyuan is willing to be led home by a group of strangers in an unfamiliar place, without a trace of heart.
  In his impression, the cub had grown up like an explosive little beast, always jittery and wary of the earth, and even if he did run out of money because he had forgotten to change it, with Wei Qian's understanding of him, Wei Zhiyuan would more than likely find a random place at the airport to make do for the night, and wait until the next morning when people went to work.
  
  Wei Qian suddenly realized that the boy who had jumped and made trouble with him and left with a face of grief like dying, had grown up silently in a place he couldn't see.
  
  Dishes come up one after another, Wei Zhiyuan also do not know how long has not eaten properly, a wind, can not help but let the other two in the audience remember his meal a few large pots of rice as a teenager.
  
  "I just nibbled on a dry bread in the morning, I didn't bother to eat at noon, and I've been starving until now." Wei Zhiyuan explained, "Brother, why did you just have two mouthfuls of porridge, and your food became thin?"
  
  Three fat: "You don't care about him, he is now fast to become an old monk, this doesn't eat that doesn't eat, all day long at home boiled in plain water and drink rice, called 'health care', you say he is sick or not sick? People old bear also occasionally slipped out to wear a hat to open a meat it."
  Wei Qian rolled his eyes, "Yeah, that's why I don't have three highs."
  
  He looked at the big chunks of braised meat being stuffed into the mouth of the three fat, with a bad face, said, "I say third brother, you quickly grow a little more careful. The fat under the skin is piled up enough to be more than one person thick, the mosquitoes don't bite you in summer - afraid to poke your mouth off and fold it inside."
  
  In response to such a vicious comment, Three Fatty responded by pulling over a large chunk of meat with fat and lean and barfing at him to eat it.
  
  "This is a bit of overkill," Wei Zhiyuan said, wiping his hands clean, peeling a prawn and putting it into the small plate in front of Wei Qian, "but my brother knows to take care of his body, I'm still quite relieved, the time he answered the phone with no sound scared me to death, when I booked all the tickets to come back, and only returned them after listening to third brother said it was fine before I returned it again."
  
  Wei Qian didn't say anything, pinched it up and ate it.
  
  Seeing this, Three Fatty hastened to follow suit, getting a piece of oily and trembling large meat, making a gesture to throw into Wei Qian's plate, "Eat this, this is delicious!"
  Wei Qian: "Get lost."
  
  marked
------------

Reading in sections 63

Thinking that he was hurt, SanFat condescendingly retracted his chopsticks and ate by himself, "That what bites that whoever, doesn't know what's good for you."
  
  At this time, Wei Zhiyuan, however, seemed to remember something, suddenly frowned and asked Wei Qian: "No, listen to the meaning of the third brother ...... all these years you did not find someone to take care of you?"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  The meat on Three Fatty's face twitched a little, and he gave a dry laugh, "Junior, you really can't mention which pot is not open, and the moment you open your mouth, you are right in the heart of the red heart ah ...... Alas, you'd better eat more vegetables."
  The look on Wei Zhiyuan's face became a bit complicated for a moment, his eyes suddenly lit up, his expression changed several times, and finally landed on a somewhat despondent and somewhat indescribable heartache.
  
  Three Fatty busily said, "Right, either let them open a bottle of wine? Count it as a pick-me-up for Little Far, Little Far, drink or not?"
  
  As soon as Wei Qian heard the word "wine", his whole head was three times bigger: "Fuck you, haven't you had enough?"
  Wei Zhiyuan also waved his hand, "Don't, Third Brother, I'm starving, let me eat more food, I still have to drive later."
  
  Then, he inclined his head to look at Wei Qian, something indefinable in his eyes, his eyes looked like they had been electrified, and swept over Wei Qian's body vainly, "Besides, my fixation isn't there yet, I'm afraid of playing drunkenness when I've had too much to drink, and I'll be drunk and disorderly."
  
  Three Fatty didn't react to what rhythm this was for a moment and just stared in disbelief.
  Wei Qian's face sank, and he slammed his chopsticks down on the spot, the two chopsticks popped up high and fell sparingly to the ground, "Wei Zhiyuan!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly took a pair of new ones to him, "I am joking, joking, brother, don t be angry, but don t take care of me ...... for another year ah, yes, that what, I am now making a thing with a few friends, are you interested in listening to it? Welcome to invest."
  
  "One year do not take care of" or something, on the spot to open this kind of joke or something, as well as their Wei Dong because of a sentence on the spot to flip or something ...... three fat is now almost certain that the year Wei Zhiyuan out of the country before what must have happened before he did not know, this fat! A thousand words in the heart, and finally converged into two words - "Crouching".
  
  He grimly changed all kinds of weird expressions like his facial muscles were necrotic, and at the end of the day, he looked at Wei Qian and then Wei Zhiyuan, and had to stand up against this deadly atmosphere to block the gun's eye, and let out a dry smile, "Okay, you tell me."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately said what they are doing right now - a few of their classmates started, is raising a large group of people, is doing a road network game, there are all kinds of highways based on the scenery around the world, randomly open the copy of the map, the player needs to always replenish supplies, maintenance vehicles, in order to get supplies, upgrades, it will trigger the Various plots and missions.
  
  "I'm doing the planning for the China map, that's why I've personally run through all the important 'supply points' set up on both sides of the Taiwan Strait." Wei Zhiyuan said, "The attitudes of the NPCs in the various copies of the 'Supply Points' are set as a set of random numbers that conform to a certain distribution, meaning that a player may run into a 'good guy' or a 'bad guys', it's all based on luck, and now we've also contacted a few friends who read sociology to explore the possibility of plot development under some extreme settings."
  
  Wei Qian's expression slowed down a little, paused, and asked, "What is your positioning, and where is the value point? Tell me."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Locate office workers who are tired of working from nine to five and well-behaved students who don't skip classes, people who live a long and unchanging life can easily get tired of the daily routine, let's give them a simulation of a world with a wide sea and a sky - the specific plan is in my car, I'll bring it to you in a while, tomorrow I'm going to drive to A city, and then go home from A city, the mission of this trip will be accomplished."
  
  Three fat hear him say quite like that, suddenly feel gratified: "line ah brother, a little interesting."
  
  Instead, Wei Qian asked, "In the past, when I said I'd invest in you, why did you rather go from house to house and knock on people's doors than talk to me?"
  Wei Zhiyuan picked up the bowl and drank the last mouthful of soup, smiled at him, revealing two snow-white baby tiger teeth, "That time was not confident Well, now we are looking for partners around the world, brother you join, we will work together happily."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said to do, really soon to leave, it seems that the chance encounter Wei Qian, in addition to rubbing a meal, and did not have any impact on his established schedule, Wei Qian from his pocket to touch the keys to his home to give him, when he left, instructed Wei Zhiyuan: "Xiaobao is now in the city of A to shoot a what an advertisement, you have time to go to see her, there is a project department out of the way, I have to go over to take a look I have to go over there to take a look."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Yeah, I'll wait for you to come home."
  After he finished, he touched out a string of beads from his accompanying bag and wore it on Wei Qian's hand, "This is a piece of sour branch offcut that I asked for, it's not worth much, but there are a total of one hundred and eight beads, all of which I ground by hand, for you to take with you to play."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan finished, seemingly gently clutched Wei Qian's hand and turned to go.
  
  Wei Qian and three fat watched him drive a small broken pickup truck all the way small smoke away, three fat finally could not help but ask Wei Qian: "Brothers, this is how it means, do you know he is on you ...... that?"
  
  Wei Qian lowered his eyes and was distracted for a moment, "Uh-huh."
  
  San Fatty let out a long sigh, feeling that in front of him was a mess, and this time Wei Zhiyuan, who had come back, made him feel even more confused, so he had no choice but to break down and pick this matter, which seemed absurdly outlandish to him, to the point of being difficult to say, with Wei Qian.
  
  Triple Fatty: "So what do you think?"
  
  "Ridiculous." This was how Wei Qian answered him, yet he did not remove the beads from his wrist.
  He finished, picked up a cigarette, and took out his phone as he walked.
  
  Three Fatty heard him call his men in a slow, but spine-tingling tone, "The facade is anti-alkaline? [Note] Oh, now you know you're in a hurry? The waterproofing is a good idea, but the waterproofing is a good idea, and the waterproofing is a good idea. What are the people who accept the project doing? How to deal with it? Let the relevant responsible person stand in a row, give me the wall lick, dry, clean ......"
  It was as if the little bit of rare human flavor in him had disappeared with Wei Zhiyuan's walking away.
  
  An unthinkable thought suddenly surged in Sanfat's mind: was it his own day that mattered, or was it worldly ethics?
  With that, Sanfat shook his head vigorously, feeling that he was simply crazy.
  
  Besides, on Wei Zhiyuan's side, he quickly arrived in A city and contacted Xiao Bao by the number Wei Qian gave him.
  Song Xiaobao and a male model shooting ads together at the intersection of the highway waiting for him, a see Wei Zhiyuan, Xiaobao let the car with the male companion drove back to his own on Wei Zhiyuan's car, first of all, "ow" a cry, crying, and then restored her nagging nature, Wei Zhiyuan to take her to dinner, walked all the way, she chattered all the way.
  She talked the most about Wei Qian, and every time she heard about that person, Wei Zhiyuan stopped interrupting and only listened quietly, feeling that her memory, which had been blank for more than four years, was being filled in little by little in Xiaobao's narration.
  
  At the end of the day, Xiao Bao reluctantly returned to the crew, and Wei Zhiyuan found a hotel to stay at, preparing to go home the next day.
  He finished his shower, sat down at the table, took a cowhide book from his luggage that was already tattered, and wrote down the date.
  
  "I didn't expect to see him in that situation, and even though there were a million people and a million voices around me, I recognized him right away. After more than four years, I tried to look as subdued as possible, to finish my business and go back to see him, not realizing that there were always so many surprises.
  
  I just realized that I missed him that much.
  
  At first, in that situation, I was really angry, not at jealousy, but how could he treat himself so perfunctorily? I bit blood from the tip of my tongue before I calmed down, and it turned out that he had been forced to do the same, and seemed to have indirectly caused a hilarious accident in order to get out of it.
  
  I was a little apprehensive and felt unreasonably apprehensive; I had made up my mind and still couldn't face him calmly.
  Presumably if you can be at peace, you're not deeply in love?
  
  I think I've found what I'm going to focus on for the next while: getting my current job perfect, and, well, getting my people."
  
  When he finished, he sat quietly under the lamp for a while, giving himself ten minutes of introspection.
  After completing all of his homework for the day, changing into his workout clothes, and going to the hotel's own gym for a routine workout, the thought of going home the next day made Wei Zhiyuan's mouth prime for a smile until the time he laid down.
  
  Bao packs a box of low-sugar, low-fat desserts to take back to her coworkers to share, and Alex, the mixed-race male model who's driving for her, who initially says he wants to stay in shape and chirps and refuses to eat them, then comes knocking on her door in the middle of the night, pathetically covering his stomach and begging for them.
  
  Xiaobao: "That's all you've got, I knew it, I saved you a piece, come in and eat."
  
  Tall and handsome Alex was moved to tears and said, "Li Li, you are my goddess."
  Alex is purely gay, and an extremely ethical perpetual pure zero, never a one, with deep features and a bitchy, shameless person.
  
  "Is that your brother who came this afternoon?" Alex asked as he ate, "Hey holy shit, that body type, that look ...... tsk tsk."
  Bao picked up the drying rack and gave him a hard jerk in the back, "I'm warning you little faggot, don't hit on my little brother or I won't get you killed."
  
  She hit people without pain, Alex did not take it seriously, arching his back and letting her hit, but his mouth said, "Little girl, you still think your brother slipped straight ah? A look is my kind ah naive little friend."
  Song Xiao Bao: "You fart!"
  
  Alex: "Hahahahaha, yeah, it stinks."
  This reaction of his made Po's heart jump heavily - Alex was only serious when he was fooling around, and basically had this hangdog attitude when he was telling the truth.
  
  Is Ergo ......
  It can't be true, can it?
   
Author's comment: [Note] Facade antialkali: a phenomenon in which white crystals are produced on the exterior walls of buildings due to improper waterproofing



57. Chapter 57 

  Alex wiped his mouth as if he were a big cat that had just finished a delicious bun, narrowed his eyes, which were a little off-color because of the complexity of his lineage, and stretched out with bowed shoulders and probing paws.
  Then he raised his head and saw Song Xiaobao's expression like he was struck by lightning, and couldn't help but scratch his chin in displeasure, making a stern protest: "What's the situation Song Li Li? You're discriminating against us? It's not when you're reading heavy novels on your cell phone all day long. I also caught a glimpse of your what ...... what yesterday? Oh, the story of the two tentacled octopuses who are in love with each other."
  
  Song Xiaobao tongue a little knot, she wanted to explain, and want to deny, and want to ask clearly, and want to angrily reprimand Alex nonsense, these things can not be ranked each other in order, each haunted to insert a queue, so a brain are blocked in her throat, and finally, she stumbled out of a sentence: "My second brother did not discriminate against you fart it! "
  
  Alex's eyes widened in surprise when he heard, "What? Even farting is discriminated against? Does the air in your gut naturally emanate from your pores? You're too high-tech!"
  
  Song Xiaobao was really speechless and had no choice but to beat him up.
  
  After the one-sided beating, the leathery Alex unconcernedly straightened his slapped-up hairstyle and watched as Sung exhaustedly headed for the edge of the hotel bed, pulling a long, bitter face.
  
  He then reached out and poked her lightly with his finger, teasingly, "What's wrong? Is it really that hard to take?"
  
  "Nonsense, that's my brother, can it be the same?" Song Xiaobao slapped his paw away, then clasped his head with both hands, "What to do, if my big brother finds out, he'll definitely beat him to death."
  
  "Your big brother?" Alex asked in disbelief, "He cares that much?"
  Xiao Bao said, "Didn't I tell you, the three of us siblings grew up without parents, my big brother brought us both up."
  
  "Oh, feudal parents," Alex nodded knowingly, shrugging his shoulders in sympathy, and then he leaned in colorfully, "Ugh, sis, is your big brother handsome? Got a picture? Take it out and have a look."
  
  This time, Po took a drive-by beating and punched this bitch all the way out.
  
  After fighting off Bitch A, she lay back heavily on the bed, smashing it out of a pit, and then rolled around a few times in annoyance, finally unable to resist grinding out her cell phone, and after a few moments of hesitation, she dialed the phone number Wei Zhiyuan had newly left for her.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan lives a healthy regular life, has slept for a while before picking up, voice still with a little sleepy asked, "Xiao Bao? What happened?"
  
  Song Xiaobao pretended not to hear that she'd woken him up, thinking brokenly that Wei Zhiyuan wouldn't have minded anyway - the number of times she'd been obnoxious since she was a child was just too numerous to mention, and her brothers should have gotten used to it long ago.
  
  She first rambled on for half a day, Wei Zhiyuan has been patiently accompanied, at the end of the day, instead of Song Xiaobao's own heart is loaded with things, the word is poor chat can not go on, the two briefly chilled, Wei Zhiyuan asked, "Do you have something you want to say to me?"
  
  Xiao Bao dry cough, with a tight voice difficult to imitate the tone of the joke, said as an aside: "I'll tell you a particularly funny thing, today with me a piece of that fake foreign devil to pick you up is a Gay, that person's mouth is particularly cheap, see handsome-looking men can not walk, come back to me chatter for more than half an hour, eight out of ten sentences do not leave you handsome, but also in the That and I said that you are also lust."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled without moving, "What am I too?"
  Song: "Uh ...... this ......"
  
  She was embarrassed and didn't know how to express herself, but in the next moment, Wei Zhiyuan said, "He's right, I really am."
  Song: "......"
  
  At that moment, it was as if there were thousands of toads in her mind, sitting together with their ends toward the sky, and in unison they let out a deafening, "Quack!" in her ears.
  Song Xiaobao couldn't help but hold his breath, and only after suffocating himself to the point of suffocation did he let out a shuddering breath, his ears roaring.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan listened to her for a long time without movement, said flatly: "scared you, right? I mainly think that there is nothing to say to others, it is something that is not a big deal, hiding and skating on thin ice for a lifetime is not much fun - it doesn't matter if you can't accept it for a while."
  
  He was frank in his manner, and Song, after a moment's silence, could not help being brought to a frank
------------

Reading in sections 64

Ran in context.
  She thought about it, that's what she meant, Alex was in harmony with her, and no matter what Ergo became, it was still the same person to her, not much of a difference.
  
  Xiaobao's advantage is that people goons think freely, so that she managed to clean up the big stone in her heart, and loosened herself up, but also quite kindly cared about Wei Zhiyuan: "The words are like this, but you must not be so honest with your brother as well, I'm telling you, he's simply ...... now "
  
  The smile at the corner of Wei Zhiyuan's mouth deepened, "He knows."
  
  The unlucky Xiaobao was once again choked by him, coughed a blackout, for a while, before saying weakly: "You have great colorful courage ah young warrior, this all dare to confess, you are not afraid of that tyrant's family full of beheadings?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan seems to suddenly feel that listening to her so "Kirikou Kirikou" blowing up is quite fun, and now to this point, there is really no need to continue to hide it from her, so he bluntly threw out the last heavy bomb: "Because the person I like is him. "
  The cell phone in Song Xiaobao's hand finally "snapped" and rolled to the ground, and she felt like she needed a handful of fast-acting heart pills.
  
  By the time Wei Qian had finished handling everything like an escape before dawdling home, he thought he had opened the wrong door.
  
  Both he and Bao were often away from home, and when they went out for long periods of time, of course they had to close all the doors and windows, so usually whenever they pushed the door in, they would feel a suffocating sense of lack of air circulation in the room, which would take a long time to dissipate.
  If it was nighttime, that house would be added to the empty suffocating silence of a black hole without a single sound.
  
  Weiqian always dragged himself out, turned on the lights, opened the windows, and then turned on the TV, even if it was a commercial, to make a little movement in the house, and then slumped on the couch like a slime and called to make an appointment with a bellhop.
  
  Sometimes Wei Qian would even like to have a pet - in the past he was most annoyed by these small animals that would lose their hair, and Xiaobao's request for a puppy was rejected several times when he was a child - now he feels that, regardless of whether it's a cat, a dog, or a rat, at least there is a live animal that can breathe when it comes into the house. Now he thinks that at least there is a living thing that can breathe, even if he can squat down and talk to the cat or dog when he enters the house, it doesn't seem so silly.
  
  Unfortunately, it's not possible to keep them, and when there's no one home every day, not to mention living things that need to eat and drink, electronic pets die.
  
  Over time, "going home" became something he didn't look forward to at all.
  
  But this time he pushed the door, the first thing he smelled was a faint smell of laundry detergent floating in the air, walked in and took a look on the balcony, only to see the bed sheets and pillowcases and a few pieces of clothing are hanging there in the wind.
  
  After that, a fragrance of meat slowly stewed over a small fire revealed itself again for a long time, the small casserole in the kitchen that no one had used for ten thousand years was bubbling with a pot of meat, Wei Qian carefully lifted the lid of the casserole through a small piece of towel to wipe his hands, and the fragrance steaming out from the inside nearly smoked him to the ground.
  
  He immediately thought, "Nutrition, my ass. Meat is the way to go." He never wanted to touch lettuce boiled in white water with soy sauce soup again.
  
  "You're back?" Wei Zhiyuan suddenly came over and conjured a pair of chopsticks from nowhere, his hand grazed Wei Qian's side waist and poked out from behind him, gently poking the meat in the pot, "It's almost done."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was quite a bit sturdier than when he left home, and standing behind him, he looked extraordinarily present and oppressive, making Wei Qian more or less uncomfortable.
  But Wei Qian firmly believe that this oppressive force from his own imagination, because the wheel block, Wei Zhiyuan is in any case can not be compared to the childhood gifted three fat, every time the three fat close to him, Wei Qian only "this goods really take up space" a simple idea.
  
  Wei Qian suspected that he had been made a little allergic to his nerves by Wei Zhiyuan, after so many years, he thought that he no longer cared about the offenses that his brother had taken back then when he was young and foolish, but it seemed like it wasn't that way.
  Although Wei Zhiyuan came back this time, whether it is speech and mannerisms or eyes attitude, are mature not a little bit of half a point, but Wei Qian is pleased, but vaguely feel that the little far in some aspects ...... seems to have become more "nerves", and older, bold and fat, more and more difficult to deal with - every time Wei Zhiyuan seemingly intentionally or unintentionally close to him, but can not help but tense up a bit. It is more and more difficult to deal with - every time Wei Zhiyuan seemingly intentional seemingly unintentional close to him, Wei Qian although not to avoid, but also can not help but tense up a little.
  
  At this point, however, Wei Qian quickly regretted why he hadn't dodged.
  Because Wei Zhiyuan then fished out a piece of pure lean meat from the pot, carefully blowing away a bit of the scalding heat before reaching out unawares and handing it over, gently touching the corner of Wei Qian's mouth as the chopsticks landed on the side of his mouth, saying specifically to his particularly ticklish ear, "Taste it."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pretended not to see the veins popping after his gentle shiver, backing away a bit, still smiling, "It's no longer hot - yes, did you read my planning? How is it?"
  Wei Qian had to take away the meat on his chopsticks and discussed with him about investing in their online game as if nothing had happened.
  
  This was just the beginning, and for a long time afterward, Wei Qian lived on the edge of strange collapse and enjoyment.
  
  What broke him down was Wei Zhiyuan's attitude towards him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan would often approach him with certain little ambiguous gestures, and if Wei Qian woodenly ignored them, he would suddenly cross the line before sliding back behind the safety line at the first opportunity before Wei Qian got angry, curtly stating that he was just messing around, and would talk to Wei Qian about something else in a serious manner as if nothing was wrong.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan put "the enemy into my retreat, the enemy stationed my interference, the enemy tired my fight, the enemy retreated my pursuit" of guerrilla warfare sixteen-word policy played to the extreme, it is like a gopher in the ground played one hundred and eighty holes, at any time I do not know where to poke his head out and bared his teeth and smiled, did not wait for Weiqian to pick up the baton smashed down, and then he retracted back to run away, and the next time, and again! I don't know when and where he'll pop up next time.
  
  When Wei Zhiyuan was young and disobedient, Wei Qian could simply and roughly pick up and beat him up, and when he grew up, although beating him up is not realistic, but Wei Zhiyuan went abroad before that period of time, Wei Qian found that he just need to be a little bit cold, and that the boy can be as lost as the soul, and at the mercy of the rubbing.
  
  Right now, Wei Qian was certain that both methods of dealing with Wei Zhiyuan had failed.
  And until he figured out how to end this matter should he poke through the shaky windowpaper, Wei Qian didn't want to risk messing things up.
  For a while, he had to endure, feeling that he was living under the ambush of Wei Zhiyuan, who "popped up" at any time and any place.
  
  And what made him enjoy it was that since Wei Zhiyuan came back, this home finally felt like a home.
  
  First of all it's nice to have someone to talk to when you enter the house; real communication and conversation is not the same as perfunctory or polite small talk, and it's hard for even the most egotistical and withdrawn person to resist the former's delightful charm.
  Xiao Bao can not do this, Wei Qian aesthetic ability is limited, really ten square color phase brimming with raw posture can not stop the audience is face blind, Xiao Bao that circle of things, although he is out of concern for his sister, but also some interest, but always can not distinguish between those who she hangs in the mouth of who are, and what he usually do, and she does not make sense.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan is different, Wei Qian found that Xiao Yuan is very fond of tracing the roots from the definitional level to elaborate his own views on certain things, his interest is to do all kinds of network and single-player games, shaving off the technical level, Wei Zhiyuan loves to formulate, or abstractly distill the rules of the game, his thinking is extremely clear, and he is good at simulating all kinds of evolutions, which is a bit of a different flavor from Ma Chunming.
  Just Ma Chunming expression is not good, sometimes think, but not to the point, slightly unable to keep up with his thoughts will become a chicken and duck, Wei Zhiyuan seems to be more than he has an intelligent interaction with the customer's platform.
  
  After he returned, Wei Qian felt that he had said more in the past month than in the previous year.
  In the end, he had almost gotten used to the routine of Wei Zhiyuan cutting fruits in the kitchen and leaning himself against the door to talk to him.
  
  The ability to have a soothing, relaxing, and enjoyable home is something that is unattainable for many people.
  
  But this weird state of equilibrium was only temporary after all.
  There was no way Wei Qian could have deluded himself into perpetuating such an illusion, and Wei Zhiyuan certainly wasn't willing to just test the waters over and over again; as he escalated his licentiousness, the surface balance became more and more shaky, just waiting for the final straw to crush the camel.
  
  Here comes the straw.
  
  Wei Qian came home from work that day, half lying on the sofa to rest for a while, and almost fell asleep when he closed his eyes to rest his mind, half asleep, he felt something, and suddenly woke up with a start, and found that Wei Zhiyuan was sitting on his knees on the floor next to the sofa, and one of the hands that was gently rubbing his cheeks and chin hadn't yet had time to take it back.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan seems to have been cultivated into the invincible body, copper wall, iron wall of the skin, do bad things when people when the right to catch, he actually did not seem panicked, but while Wei Qian has not completely wake up napping, inches into the foot, the hand along Wei Qian's arm slides down, and finally picks up his hand, suggestive meaning is very strong gently licked a circle of his fingers.
  
  Warm and seemingly somewhat rough tongue wrapped around the ten fingers of the connecting heart, burning spit vainly skimming over the extremely sensitive fingertips, Wei Qian's scalp almost exploded, and his newly awakened heartbeat was nearly drumming.
  
  He jerked his hand back like an electric shock, knowing this couldn't go on much longer.
  
  "Far." It was a while before he spoke.
  This time, Wei Qian didn't get angry, he just sat up from the sofa and said with a straight face, "I have to talk to you about this."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stretched out an index finger and put it up on his lips, "Hush, don't say it today, tomorrow, tomorrow, okay? Tomorrow is the weekend, you should at least take a day off, don't go to the office, accompany me to go fishing."
  
  Wei Qian did not object, he also felt that the calmer he was, the better, and it was good to be able to settle down for a night and think carefully again.
  
  The next morning, the two of them still went to the previous fish pond, where there has been a change of owners, after a few rounds of refurbishment, prices rose a lot. Autumn cold, tourists also began to become sparse, when the two of them had occupied the small pavilion, but still there, was restored, save the tip of the roof of the tiles brushed with bright lacquer, looks a little fake.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan went all the way in, revisiting the same place, skillfully placing the bait and shaking the rod to set the hook.
  
  Wei Qian's mind, however, was not on fishing at all, he was silent for a long time, sat down beside Wei Zhiyuan, decided not to beat around the bush, and said bluntly, "Just die, it's impossible."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's eyes nailed to the fish drift not far away, not the slightest fluctuation, heard this, but also just rippled back to say, "Brother, you can not let me die heart, even I can not let myself die heart, it is impossible for people to control their own heart."
  
  Wei Qian asked him, "Then what exactly do you want to do in the future?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan then smiled gently, he unscrewed two bottles of mineral water, handed one back to Wei Qian and said to him, "Four years ago, I've been thinking about these questions - what should I do? How can I make you accept me? What should I do if you don't want me? The more I thought about it, the more I couldn't think about it, and when the plane took off, I was filled with the back of you peeling away my hand, and I felt my heart cracking in pain at that time, and then I slowly realized that all that was meaningless."
  
  Wei Qian leaned against the pillar next to him, hands clasped in front of his chest, waiting to listen to his unbelievable journey of the heart, the mood is a little sad, feel like holding a gouging knife to face the pus on the body of the person, no longer adapted to have to face.
  
  "At first, I thought it would be better to kill me if my possessiveness of you was never satisfied or my feelings were never reciprocated, and I was insanely jealous of everyone who hypothetically wanted to be near you, and I made them up in my hypotheticals and then killed them all to ease my anxiety."
  
  "But the very day you tripped over the phone line and I thought something had happened to you, I had nightmares at night, even though Sango had reported it safe to me. I dreamt that you were surrounded by many people, and one by one they transparently disappeared, and in the end you were the only one left, stuck alone, and I watched you come and go alone every day, and when you were sick you fainted in the living room, and no one knew about it, and you had to wait until you naturally woke up, and then you stumbled up on your own to look for your medicine. Then for a long time in a row, whenever I closed my eyes, I saw this."
  
  "After about a small month of this, one day, in my fantasy, I saw an additional person with a blurred face beside you, I couldn't tell if the person was male or female, beautiful or ugly, he just stayed with you, like a ghostly shadow. As a matter of common sense, these people I created in my imagination to eventually kill, but I didn't do it later because I saw the way you lowered your head and smiled up at him. How long has it been since you smiled in my dreams? I'm losing count."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's voice is low and calm, unfolding, like floating in the mirror-like water on the distant and meaningful sky light and clouds, but Wei Qian listened to the chest is stuffy.
  If Wei Zhiyuan was talking about someone else, and it came to this point, he, being the elder brother, would have to tie that person back even if he tied him up.
  But why did it have to be himself?
  
  And ever since he was born, he had felt like he had never been expected, let alone loved this deeply.
  Wei Zhiyuan's words are like rounded beads in his hand, rolling out one by one, not surprisingly, containing a certain kind of love that cannot be said and will be deafening when said.
  But how is it that this person, by choice, is the younger brother?
  
  "I suddenly felt enlightened, and at that time I thought, when I graduated and returned to China in a few years, even if I saw you really married to someone, I wouldn't die again." Wei Zhiyuan said, "I can continue to love you, and if that unknown lady loves you more than I do, I can remain silent for the rest of my life. Of course I will be in pain, but I can also take the pain as a kind of cultivation."
  
  Like religions that originate in the pain of the present world and the comfort of the unreachable land, a spiritual, bridge between the two is built.
  
  Wei Qian asked softly, "Fix what?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan turned his head and looked at him quietly in the breeze, not answering, yet the answer was already calling out.
  - - Of course it is to fix you for a lifetime of joy and peace.
  
  He suddenly reached out and clutched Wei Qian's hand on the railing, Wei Qian subconsciously retracted, but was vigorously pressed by him, and the wooden beads on their wrists as if they were one and the same clashed together, making a faint soft sound, and even the sound of the water was stilled.
  
  A fish bites and the drift sinks violently, but no one pays any attention.
  
  I don't know how long it had been, but Wei Qian felt that his palms were drenched in sweat, yet his face was still
------------

Sectionalized reading 65

Pale and implausible.
  He pinched Wei Zhiyuan's wrist, forcing him to let go, and said decisively, "I still say the same thing, you die of this heart."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled faintly, said nothing more, and took up the fishing rod, flicked his wrist and lifted it up, a big fish tumbled over and up, the brilliant fish scales flashing with water light.
  
  "Pretend as well as you can, he's shaken." Wei Zhiyuan thought pleasantly, "Fang's pulse is noticeably faster."
  


58. Chapter 58 

  Wei Qian was simply afraid of Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Wei Qian has never been a character that can run away to the end, he will always find a way to face the problem - given that from childhood to adulthood it is his habit to carry things or no one to carry them.
  But he thought his head through, but did not come up with a solution that could convince him, so he had to keep thinking, his head was about to explode.
  
  Well, Wei Zhiyuan seems to see, that day from the water pond back, he no longer always go to pester Wei Qian, he also has his own things to do busy, sometimes will go out, sometimes will lock himself in the room to work or open the network teleconference, but I do not know how he did it, Wei Qian feel that boy's sense of existence is not so strong, but actually can be everywhere!
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's eyes belong to the crowd is relatively large, ordinary open can not be seen, a smile, but a little peach blossom eyes flavor, the eyes can sweep a large area, his eyes are like substance, when it will bet on Wei Qian.
  Sometimes gentle and sometimes focused ...... This can be tolerated, what can t be tolerated is that sometimes Wei Zhiyuan comes out to pour a water and take some food, and all of them will think of what they should not think of, and at this time his gaze will become very revealing, and it is almost almost enough to constitute a visual rape.
  It's not easy to have a weekend off, but Weiqian is "resting" as if he's on the back of his head.
  
  Finally survived to Monday, Wei Qian early in the morning to hide to the company, this perversion of the same workaholic, looking at the table piled full of all kinds of reports to be reviewed by him, but also a sigh of relief like a relaxed and happy up.
  
  Wei Qian went to open the Monday morning meeting when the heart is still upset thinking: I'm afraid of him for what? Why should I be afraid of him?
  
  He was walking away when suddenly a dazed looking man came up to him and nearly collided with him.
  
  Wei Qian fixed his eyes on Ma Chunming, and immediately said in a bad mood, "You just finished taking drugs, huh? What kind of image is this?"
  
  Ma Chunming grew a long melon face, sharp mouth, monkey cheeks, big eyes, double eyelids, eyes are still a little convex, in general, it can be said that is not quite in line with the people's aesthetics, good thing he is usually always smiling, at least it can be taken as a kind expression of the golden monkeys, but also inviting people to like.
  But he is somehow at this time, topped with a hairy head toward the sun toward the sky, his feet are weak, his face has a vegetable color, and his eyes are still red, which seems to make his eyes bulge even more, and the whole person becomes a big head and small thin neck ET.
  
  Ma Chunming glanced at him with resentment, successfully giving goosebumps to Wei Qian, who had suffered the ravages of a weekend's worth of eye contact. Then Dr. Ma said to Wei Qian with the same sombre tone as a hangman, "Good morning, Wei Dong."
  "......" Wei Qian, "Good morning to you."
  
  Ma Chunming's eyes were dull and lost in thought as she brushed past him.
  
  His wind control consultant and executive vice president, Comrade Ma Chunming, is a very love of work, Dr. Ma always remembered when he got the job is hard-won, mixed to this point today is like an accidental jackpot, so very cherish, is always conscientious.
  But this day morning meeting, he was silent from the beginning to the end, the whole person is in a very trance-like state, Wei Qian asked about the wind control work of this week's arrangements, called him twice, Ma Chunming did not hear, and finally it was sitting across from him in the three fat ball of a paper ball hit him in the brain, only then to let the soul out of the body of the Dr. Ma noticed that there are still so many stupid human beings around.
  
  Ma Chunming: "Ah ...... I ...... I have nothing more to add."
  
  Wei Qian rolled his eyes, "Did I ask you to add?"
  
  Ma Chunming expression blank, next to the manager of the Department of Risk Control hastened to speak fast for him to report the work, at least it is the scene to put off the past.
  
  Wei Qian gave Dr. Ma a warning look, not sweeping him off his feet on the spot, but leading him to his office after the regular meeting.
  
  He sat down behind his desk like a big devil, crossed his legs and lit a cigarette, drooping his eyelids and coldly asked Ma Chunming, "Doctor I ask you, is the theme of our regular meeting today sleepwalking?"
  
  Ma Chunming slipped sideways and stood, not daring to look up and speak.
  
  After all, he's been an old subordinate for many years, Wei Qian saw him in this ghostly state and more or less rose a little bit of human sympathy, so he slightly eased his tone in the next sentence and said to him, "If there's something going on at home, just go back and deal with it first, and it doesn't matter if you take two days' leave."
  
  At this time, Ma Chunming suddenly opened his mouth without a village in front or a store at the back and asked, "...... Do I count my career as successful?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Huh? What the hell?"
  
  Ma Chunming staggered to find a chair, sat down on his butt on it, and began to Xianglin's wife like a flurry of self-hatred, "You pay me such a high salary, and let me manage so many things, I sometimes have the illusion that I'm very successful, but what's the use? I'll still be abandoned as usual, no matter how hard I try."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He forgot to even put a cigarette in his mouth as he listened.
  
  Ma Chunming said, then tears fell like rain, tears crackling, the expression of the heart torn, but the voice did not bawl, but only aggrieved small voice choked.
  
  Wei Qian: "Yo, is this a fight with your wife? It's not because I keep letting you go on business trips and it's affecting the couple's relationship, is it?"
  
  Ma Chunming finally couldn't help himself, both elbows propped up on his knees, both hands covering his face, his body bowed down, collapsed: "I've been in love with her for three years, married for more than two years, I know that she's a beautiful person with a good family background, I'm a little bit unworthy of her, but for so many years, as long as I've got it, I'll get her whatever she wants, and she's the one who wants to eat the human heart, and I'm able to pick open my chest to slice it into a slice to her fried ......"
  
  "Please change your words to something less disgusting." Weiqian wrinkled his nose, his breakfast flipping upward a bit when he heard this.
  
  Ma Chunming turned a deaf ear, "...... But why is she with someone else behind my back?"
  
  Wei Qian was taken aback, "What? How did you know? You saw it?"
  
  Ma Chunming wiped a handful of tears: "With my own eyes, I was not last night just accompanied the partners from the field back, I arranged for them to eat and stay, all the way to send them all into the hotel when, with my own eyes, I saw her and a male satchel hand walk in, she did not know that I came back ...... me yesterday. ...... I stood outside the hotel all night."
  
  He said, sniffing hard, showing signs of a bit of a cold.
  
  "Wait, I have cold medicine here," Wei Qian rummaged through the drawer and gave him a few packets of cold punch, "Standing outside a hotel all night? Ugh, people are snogging and you're watching the door - don't you think you're sick?"
  
  It had come to this situation, this man even came up with such unsympathetic and mean words to make up for it, Ma Chunming immediately sobbed and was heartbroken.
  
  Wei Qian waved his hand and twisted the cigarette out, "Let's do it this way, tell me what you count on, divorce? Divorce? Or what? Did you see who that bitch is who hooked up with someone else's wife? Either I find someone to check for you?"
  
  "That's not it at all!" Ma Chunming's volume rose, "I don't even care who that person is! I've only ever liked such a woman in my life, and I know I don't deserve her, so I don't mind if she only returns one point if I have ten points of affection for her, but how can she trample on someone else's true heart like that?"
  
  The words "trampling on other people's hearts" seemed like a wasp's tail needle, not too gently but not too heavily stabbing Wei Qian in the heart.
  
  He couldn't help but think of Wei Zhiyuan.
  Wei Zhiyuan's shift from blazing to deep feelings was unacceptable to Wei Qian, and at the same time, he also vaguely felt a few moments of trepidation - like the kind of trepidation a child who is usually not very popular and has no sense of presence feels when he is suddenly in the spotlight of all the people.
  
  To use an inappropriate analogy, a person who has been starving for many years is suddenly stuffed with two steamed buns of human blood, even if the moral sense in his heart is no longer rejected and he refuses to eat them, he will put them away in a precious place and will not throw them away with his hands.
  
  Ma Chunming: "Why did you keep me back then? Was it because I looked like a monkey and was fun? I'm nothing at all."
  Wei Qian was brought back to his senses by this howl of his voice, still distracted, only dryly consoled, "Alright, it's not your fault, don't be presumptuous here."
  
  Ma Chunming heard his consolation and knew that it was already quite good for him to not fall on his sword and to play at this level, so he smiled ruefully at Wei Qian, "Thank you."
  Then the smile disappeared, leaving only the miserable: "You won't understand us losers, being abandoned is like being denied in its entirety, it's not that I hate her or feel that I've hurt a man's self-esteem, I ...... can't find a meaning to my own existence... ..."
  
  After Ma Chunming finished, he staggered and stood up, "Wei Dong, I'll take two days off."
  
  Wei Qian heard a bit of other implications and said busily, "Hey, wait, come back!"
  But Ma Chunming seems to be really as if his heart is dead, did not hear, walking corpse left his office.
  
  Wei Qian had to hang up the internal phone to Xiao Fei: "You call people ...... Well, just the assistant of the general manager of the horse, these two days to watch him a little more, how do I feel that he is a prelude to buying a hemp rope to hang himself?"
  
  After a while, Xiao Fei knocked on the door of his office, holding a jacket in her hand, "I've asked someone to keep an eye on Mr. Ma's side."
  
  Wei Qian stared at the object in her hand for a moment, "It seems to be my clothes?"
  "Well, Yuan delivered it just now, saying it's cooling down this afternoon." Faye hung the clothes in the doorway, "I haven't seen them in years, I didn't even dare to recognize them just now."
  
  Xiao Fei said while rummaging through a drawer for a tea bag, trained to pick up Wei Qian's cup and brew a steaming cup of tea for him; "I heard about that thing with Mr. Ma, his wife is quite unkind. In fact, for some people, love is like a high-class replica of the kind of family parent-child relationship they had when they were young, suddenly losing it is just like being thrown away by a child by its parents, it hurts to think about it."
  
  Wei Qian: "...... kids thrown away by their parents? What's this all about?"
  
  Xiao Fei shrugged, "Of course not everyone is like this, but it's true that some people just have that kind of feeling, probably because they really have deep feelings, and after being together for a long time, they are prone to be especially dependent on each other, and desperately trying to please ...... how good Ma's temper is, like an awkward child or a puppy, and I all feel that he is strange and pathetic, farting around his woman, thinking that he is working so hard outside all for her, but the result is that people do not care about it at all, a foot kicked him away."
  
  She spoke colorfully, Wei Qian brain involuntarily came up with a scene, Ma Chunming in the late fall night, wilted head and tail, shrunken neck and shoulders, bamboo poles like the wind and rain in front of the hotel stood a night ......
  And the protagonist of that scene suddenly changed, in his wantonly dispersed thoughts, into Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Wei Qian suddenly got a jolt and looked up to ask Fei, "Where is everyone?"
  Faye: "What man?"
  
  "Where's Far?"
  
  Xiaofei said inexplicably, "He went home, I saw him chatting with the people from the investment department on his way out, as if it was about investing in that game, then said you hate being noisy, so he left you alone."
  
  Wei Qian waved her hand and let her out.
  
  The material in front of him he suddenly couldn't look at it anymore, the words floated one by one, none of them jumped into his eyes, Wei Qian tilted his head back and leaned heavily on the back of the chair, one hand covering his face.
  
  "Little far, little far where ......" he chanted breathlessly in his mind, finally collecting in an echoing sigh.
  It's sad.
  
  When the frost comes down, the maple leaves are red.
  Wei Qian put his hands in his pockets and mixed in the pile of people on the outskirts of the city on an autumn tour, waiting for Wei Zhiyuan who was excitedly taking pictures around.
  
  He still can't think of why he agreed to come, as if the cause was Ma Chunming and Xiao Fei, those two bastards with the discussion as if, together intentionally or unintentionally poke his heart, so that every time he saw Wei Zhiyuan, it was like seeing a debtor.
  
  Later Ma Chunming did not seek death, back to work, as if and his wife said open, the two are planning to divorce, three fat is open to help him find a lawyer to help him break up the partnership.
  Ma Chunming himself was all out of shape, as listless as if he had taken rat poison all day long.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but brainstorm about Wei Zhiyuan every time he saw him, and the vague trepidation and guilt he felt at the beginning gradually became thicker and thicker.
  So much so that when Wei Zhiyuan said he wanted to go to the countryside to see the red leaves, Wei Qian thought to himself, "Eat your heart out, right?"
  But his mouth hesitated and agreed against his will, "Okay."
  
  The bells of a monastery halfway up the mountain were ringing in his ears, and a little girl of four or five years old ran past him at his feet, saying in a milky voice, "Far up the cold mountain the stone path slopes."
  Seeing Wei Qian glance at her, the little girl bounced in place a few times, and not recognizing him, as if showing off her ability, she shouted at him again with a cheeky smile, "Frosty leaves are redder than February flowers!"
  
  "Bear child, still quite good at pinching." Wei Qian thought, squeezing out a fake smile at her, exhaling a puff of smoke rings, and in his heart, he let out another sorrowful sigh, "I'm just fucking losing my power!"
  
  Side by side, the two of them hiked all the way to the monastery in the mountains, and Wei Qian then remembered that this seemed to be the same place where the old bear had left his home.
  Wei Zhiyuan is very much like that, on the incense buckle head are done as if the standard action, attracted the crowd of joss stickers scramble to follow suit, Wei Qian but ignore this set, with his hands behind his back, as indifferent as the grandfather stood on the side waiting for him.
  
  Presumably a monk felt that this almsman was too much of a non-stuff, not even bothering to make a perfunctory gesture and showing great disrespect to the Buddha, so he rushed over to him, made a bow and clasped his palms together and said, "The almsman is a man of destiny, draw a sign."
  
  Wei Qian shook his head.
  
  The monk said kindly, "Today there is free interpretation for those who have a destiny, so the monk draws one, it doesn't matter."
  
  The little monk pestered people very much, Wei Qian was originally quite bored, and finally made a joke like smoking one, only to see that it was written with four lines of unevenness, seemingly through the poem.
  The young monk was immediately shocked when he saw it
------------

Reading in sections 66

Losing color: "Aigoo, Shi Master, this is the next best thing!"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He knew it was this one.
  
  The little monk went on to say, "This is the main bad year, Shi master may also have a recent blood disaster, Amitabha Buddha, my Buddha compassion, poor monks touch is destiny, will do everything in my power to help you dissolve, will never ......"
  
  Wei Qian asked coolly, "Just tell me how much?"
  
  The little monk saw him so on the road, said with a smile on his brow, "Open peace talisman 50 dollars, ward off evil spirits and attract wealth, to protect the health and safety of the family, the price came back to function more, the master to a right?"
  
  Wei Qian raised his hand and pointed behind him, "You, turn backward and march squarely."
  
  The little monk shook his head and sighed, intending to persuade this "almsgiver" who sacrificed his life but not his money, Wei Qian, without saying a word, picked out the phone and dialed a number: "Xiong Yingjun, where are you? Roll to the main hall - yes, I'm in your temple, where do you recruit children ah? Do you know what you're doing? Do you know what you're doing? Do you specialize in catching acquaintances?"
  
  Xiong Yingjun heard, speeding to come, he is now no longer selling tickets, is a "monk", responsible for the daily chanting to the tourists to open the light.
  He's fat as a ball under his eyes and he doesn't know how many purdahs he's broken on the sly.
  
  Senior monk Xiong Yingjun reprimanded the unintelligent little new monk, and then invited the two acquaintances to his meditation room, where he shot a glance at Wei Zhiyuan as if he was taken aback, and in the end didn't say anything, but only shook his head incoherently, "It shall not be."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan saw him, but felt quite friendly: "Brother Xiong, that year instructed me a lot, thank you, in the future I will come back to return the wish."
  
  The old bear waved his hand, sighed, and sang three sighs and said, "The thousand year king s eight ten thousand year turtle, the thousand year fox boiled into a fine, the first time I saw it was not yet in shape, and in the twinkling of an eye, I have already crossed the hijacking ...... Alas, the sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin, good and good."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled as if he was playing Zen with him.
  
  Wei Qian, however, frowned, "Can you two speak human language?"
  The old bear gave him a terrible look and expelled him from the Buddha's pure land, "Foolish world, ah, I told you earlier that it doesn't fit with your three views, quickly open your 'sanitary napkin' [note] and roll back to your mortal world."
  
  Who knows how that day was so evil somehow.
  Presumably there are some humans who really are crows becoming, with one casual remark, good for nothing and bad for nothing.
  
  Wei Qian sat in the passenger seat, looked down and flipped through Wei Zhiyuan's camera, after flipping through it, he felt something was wrong: "What did you shoot? Where are the maple leaves?"
  
  Photographs, large and small, from different angles, or dotted with a maple tree or two, or a fiery red maple leaf, were taken of people - just himself.
  
  Wei Qian didn't really like taking pictures, he felt that it was weird to look at himself from this angle.
  
  There is the back of the lowered head, there is a close-up of the side of the face looking up at the mountainside, Wei Qian does not know when he is all around his own sneak peek, the level is quite high, living like a photo album.
  There was also a close-up of him with one leg on the last stone step, an eye in his hand, a slightly raised eyebrow, the sunlight shining on his face, his eyes squinting, a little smile that seemed to be derisive at the corners of his mouth, watching a little girl whose feet were off the ground and who was bouncing on the ground.
  
  The timing of the capture was extremely coincidental, just capturing the micro-expression that flickered on his face, as if someone had been paying attention to him through the lens, holding his breath for an unknown period of time, in order to precisely and incomparably retain such an incomparably vivid moment.
  
  "This one is my favorite." Wei Zhiyuan said, "I'm going to wash one out and bring it with me, and take it out to look at it every day before I go to bed."
  
  Wei Qian raised his head to look at him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan again showed that revealing and sultry expression and said softly, "Save it for a wet dream."
  
  Wei Qian is speechless, with his lack of moral not smoking mouth, there are ten thousand kinds of words, guaranteed to make the other side hold his head, all the parade bombarded in his heart, Wei Qian found how to say is not appropriate, and finally only continue to look at Wei Zhiyuan woodenly.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan laughed, "I'm just kidding - brother, put your seatbelt on."
  
  Wei Qian did not say anything, fastened, the passenger side of the car on the question of whether to wear a seat belt, always check a while loose, if not Wei Zhiyuan remind, he will not take the initiative to tie.
  
  When I think about it later, this kind of regulated safety awareness is really necessary.
  
  Because just as Wei Zhiyuan drove through an intersection, a car somehow came out of the intersection as if it were a death wish, and hit head-on a car that was driving in the lane next to them, and coincidentally, the model and color of that car was exactly the same as Wei Qian's.
  
  The car that was hit flipped over on the spot and lunged over to their side, Wei Zhiyuan slammed the steering wheel, violent friction and impact sounds rang out, the window glass on their left side shattered cleanly, the crumbs crumbled all over the place, most of them were blocked by Wei Zhiyuan's side.
  
  Wei Qian was unharmed, Wei Zhiyuan rolled up a section of his arm and the back of his neck was full of large and small blood marks.
  This has really become a bloodbath.
   
Author's Note: [Note]: the tampon refers to the shape of Chevy's license plate, and I'm really not a Chevy Black [punch ......



59. Chapter 59

  Wei Qian bent down and carefully handled the tiny wounds on Wei Zhiyuan's body.
  Wei Zhiyuan back of the neck I do not know what was smashed, there is a slightly deep wound, go to the hospital to deal with, the other is not very eye-catching small injuries, Wei Qian is dipped in alcohol one by one to disinfect and medicate him, his face is very unattractive.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took off his shirt and threw it to the side, and sat there like a dog, not saying anything even when he was touched, and his eyes kept chasing Wei Qian's face.
  
  After a while, he suddenly said, "Brother, can you stop frowning all the time?"
  Wei Qian said in a bad mood: "What do you care? I didn't receive any money, and you're still picking on the service attitude."
  
  "That's not true." Wei Zhiyuan explains in a nonchalant manner, pauses for a moment, seems to be hesitating to say the following words, after a while, he decides to be frank, so he opens his mouth and says, "The key is that you are always like this, I'm almost reacting."
  
  Wei Qian seemed to be thinking of something else, did not react at that time, two seconds later came back to the flavor: "Wei Zhiyuan, you also stirred up the nose to the face to come, right?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him and slowly lowered his head again, and after a moment, smiled a little sourly.
  Wei Qian knew that he was intentionally pretending to be pitiful, but in his heart he still couldn't help but think: why is he like a puppy that happily ran up to beg for a bone, only to be kicked in the face and rolled over?
  
  However, before he finished pitying in his heart, Wei Zhiyuan turned his head sideways again and asked him sincerely, "Then can I kiss you? Not on the mouth, just give me your face or forehead."
  
  Wei Qian couldn't bear it and raised his head to forcefully look at him.
  Wei Zhiyuan still didn't know to take the good with the bad, and gestured, "Just a bit."
  
  "...... a little bit of your mom's pussy." Feeling that his little sympathy was wasted like this, the human five Wei Dong couldn't help but explode.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan laughed, as if he did not kiss, and he was happy in his heart to receive two scoldings.
  At this time, the door was knocked on, Wei Qian went out and opened the door, letting San Fat and Ma Chunming in.
  
  "What the hell? Let's see, ouch my mom, brother, did you just crawl back from the trenches of Iraq?" As soon as San Fatty entered the room he sized Wei Zhiyuan up from top to bottom, and then pointed at the vial in Wei Qian's hand and asked, "What the hell is that?"
  
  Wei Qian recalled, "I forgot who gave me a bottle of white wine last time, more than fifty degrees."
  
  "How big a grudge is this? Are you going to lynch him?" Three Fatty said, "Where's the wound medicine? The doctor didn't prescribe any?"
  "It seems a bit less to me, and besides, it's slimy, so it doesn't seem to be sterilized, right?" Wei Qian said, he glanced at Wei Zhiyuan and asked, "It hurts?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan shook his head with obvious willingness.
  
  Before he could finish shaking his head, he was slapped on the side of the head by Three Fatty.
  "Make you bitchy!" SanFat accused very ironically, and added to Wei Qian, "You can get lost."
  
  Wei Qian threw the small bottle of wine, moncler outlet store still not serve, wobbling with a cigarette and Ma Chunming to the balcony.
  
  Ma Chunming steeled himself, forced himself to struggle a little bit of fighting spirit out of the whirlpool of lost love, and lowered his voice to Wei Qian, "Was it an accident?"
  Wei Qian's face grimaced, "Eight/nine out of ten is not."
  
  Ma Chunming's voice was lowered: ''Is it about that piece of land in A city? They can chase them here? This is too much! Can we call the police?"
  
  Wei Qian unhurriedly exhaled a mouthful of smoke rings, "OK is OK, but there is no evidence."
  
  A city has a piece of land originally planned as a square, the only piece of net land left in the downtown core area, the government has revealed the news that it intends to re-program this piece of land into a commercial site, Weiqian has been staring at them for half a year.
  Quality plots are scarce and there is another one in the area that is also aspiring to win.
  
  It is said that the boss of the rival family named Wang Dongliang, fifty to early, raised a large group of re-education through labor, early years is not a good thing, right now is the business whitewash, is still a dog can't change to eat shit of the local hegemony.
  
  At first, they sent someone to give negotiations, promising to pay 50 million dollars as a condition for Wei Qian and the others to withdraw from the competition.
  
  But all fools know, this is fooling people overbearing terms, 50 million compared to the appreciation value of the land, is simply mosquito meat.
  
  Strong dragon does not suppress the head of the snake, Wang Dongliang did not expect to be pouting face by an outsider, he has been traveling across A city for a long time, like a Pipi shrimp following the crab Handan - now it will only be horizontal, and has forgotten how to walk vertically.
  
  So Wang Dongliang was instantly annoyed.
  
  Before that incident, there were several threatening letters sent to Wei Qian's office.
  
  Xiao Fei made a fuss at first and reported it to the police, but she couldn't find the source, and there was little evidence pointing to Wang Dongliang, including the laboratory tests, not to mention that the local police couldn't reach out to A city, and there were a lot of difficulties in coordinating or investigating this matter.
  
  Wei Qian simply told Xiao Fei not to make a fuss, and took the threatening letter to rub the tobacco oil in the filter mouth with it.
  Probably see intimidation does not work, see the time of the auction is getting closer and closer, Wang Dongliang anxious, heartless began to sword.
  
  "It's just a piece of land. If we're told to pull out, we can pull out. Our country has 9.6 million square kilometers, do we need to fight with him over this piece of land?" Ma Chunming said, "Besides, we are serious businessmen, but that Wang Dongliang is a hooligan who doesn't care about rules, how can we fight with him? This time he got someone to hit you with a car, will he send a bomb to your home next time? There's no law, he's a terrorist!"
  
  Wei Qian eyelids also did not raise said, "that's impossible, even if that piece of land the first day to my hands, the next day I'll collect a dollar to sign a contract to transfer to a third party, but also absolutely not let this piece of land fall in the hands of the surname Wang."
  
  Ma Chunming sighed and said bitterly, "You don t fight ......"
  
  "Fighting spirit? I don't have one." Wei Qian flicked his cigarette ash in the balcony trash basket, "Is it a big deal to be a rogue? I am too."
  Dr. Ma was speechless, having never seen the title of "rogue" being sought after.
  
  "How can you do this ......," Dr. Horse protested weakly, "Are you going to fight violence with violence? Don't be ridiculous."
  Wei Qian looked at him with a smile, "Yo, all dare to talk back to me, you're getting fat?"
  
  Ma Chunming: "I'm reminding you to be sensible."
  Wei Qian asked rhetorically, "Why weren't you sensible and rational when you stood in front of the hotel all night?"
  
  Chunming Ma: "......"
  This knife hit him squarely in the chest, choking him for a long time without saying anything. After three seconds, Ma Chunming threw out his sleeves and walked out in big strides, his mouth softly cursing angrily, "You are ...... simply an asshole! Big asshole!"
  
  How to sound like a good woman and man who has been molested, Wei Qian laughed softly, stretched his legs and sat on the short, stumpy little sofa on the balcony, looked out the window at the autumn sky, and finished the cigarette in his hand.
  
  After a while, San Fatty also walked in, and Wei Qian raised his head and gave him an inquiring look.
  Three Fatty picked up his pants leg and sat down next to him, "There's nothing wrong with the kid - but you two are hanging on for dear life today."
  
  "Hanging?" Wei Qian stood up, propped his hands on either side of the balcony window and looked down condescendingly, "Someone is staring near my house, you're working an extra shift today, go back to the office and organize your address book, jack all the connections you can find."
  
  Three Fatty froze for a moment, "Are you going to die with Wang Dongliang?"
  
  "He's the one who wants to die with me." Wei Qian raised his eyes to look at San Fatty, "What, are you going to give me the same cynicism shit as Ma Chunming?"
  
  "That's not true." Triple Fatty shook his head.
  Ma Chunming is a decent good family born child, from childhood, smooth reading, read into a high knowledge, so far amateur hobby is also home reading, is a typical scholar, the scholar are not willing to mess with this kind of thing, they feel that the price is too high, and fall.
  But the three fat understand this reasoning, holding not to go playing backwards "good man" is the most likely to provoke trouble, the persimmon pick soft pinch, which everyone knows.
  
  Three Fatty raised his own hidden concern: "The question is, can we beat him?"
  
  Wei Qian glanced at him sideways, "If he were Master Hu Si, I'd avoid him, but is he?"
  "You mean ......."
  
  "If you want to survive, the mob has to have the rules of the mob, in the business world to come to this set of hooligan tricks, but also really when the day is the boss he is the second?" Wei Qian sneered, "business to raise the black can not go on for long, this piece of land is certainly good, but not to the point of value, he did not hesitate to find someone to drive into me also want to rob, you guess for what?"
  
  Three Fatty lowered his voice, "They are underfunded and are afraid that we'll jack up the price when they put it up for auction."
  
  "He's on the verge of 'not being able to afford' it, it's a dog in the manger." Wei Qian said.
  
  The three fat ones hesitated, "That's safe ......"
  
  "Recently told everyone to keep an eye out, managers are not assured that they can hire someone to follow them, if you find a suspicious person near your home you can call the police and say that you have been targeted by the theft gangs ...... Give Bureau Zhao a call and let him know what's going on on the line, and I'll treat him to dinner in a couple of days. All expenses incurred will be reimbursed."
  
  Wei Qian is a reliable person, and on some levels he is more ethereal than immortal
------------

Reading in sections 67

The old bear who pretended to be a god all day is reliable - Le is still dead.
  Three fat know that he wins in smooth, in the end is not a person with great ability, but he believes that Wei Qian is, so listening to Wei Qian's words, he no longer say more, intends to everything to Wei Qian look forward to.
  
  At this point, the three fat words turn: "Hey I say, Xiao Yuan that back of the neck on the big mouth how to get out? A little more partiality would have killed him."
  Wei Qian didn't know what he remembered, and paused before saying as simply as possible, "The glass on the driver's side crashed, probably letting something scratch it."
  
  Although he lightly so a sentence, but the three fat comrades appearance big and thick, but inside is a monkey essence, a listen to the sound of the words, and then look at Wei Qian that all unharmed, the heart a little pondering, figured out then how a scene.
  
  Three fat frowned, for a while, I do not know whether it is emotional or fretful said, "He to you this heart ...... alas, simply ......"
  
  As soon as this was brought up, the calm indifference on Wei Qian's square face immediately fell apart, he furrowed his brows and sat on his butt on the square's small sofa, nearly nestling his legs in any way, annoyed, he changed his position and waved his hand, "Don't bring it up, it annoys the hell out of me."
  
  Three fat silent for a while: "Our family that mouth, not recently pregnant it, in the company also no one dares to let her work more, so that she has nothing to do all day, bought a pile of inexplicable novels, their own see not to say, but also forced me to see, I protested that I do not love her. I pinched my nose and read a few books, I think it's all bullshit, we're just living a normal life together, at best, when we just met under the influence of hormones not calm for a while, for a long time, so what else is there to say? You this is good, more than ten years, he is not tired, more than four years, sent him away, well, this time back, I see he also want to intensify, you say how he thinks?"
  
  Wei Qian said in a good humor, "No, Fatty, what do you mean? Not when you were stuffing pictures of girls into my house while I was gone?"
  
  Three Fatty: "Xiaoyuan but if it's a girl, I'll tie you to his bed."
  
  The two people's conversation proceeded to this point, it was already too bizarre to proceed, the two compartments were wide-eyed silent for a while, Wei Qian stretched out a finger, pointed at the door and said, "Get lost."
  
  Three Fatty slithered roundly to his feet, pressed Wei Qian's hand, and slapped him twice on the back of his hand, "Which of you, take care of yourselves."
  
  After saying that, he took a four-square step and skipped out, bumping into Ma Chunming, who was still sulking: "Let's go, turtle real, don't turn the corner here, these days, rogue tactics can't beat a 'decent person' with a rogue heart... ...Alas, you are still quite childish ......"
  
  The two people left, Wei Qian came out to see, only to see Ma Chunming that son of a bitch with a signature pen, behind the balcony door of his house, drew two small tortoises in armor, is a person holding a sewing needle, each eyeing each other eyeing, the head is also like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, strangled on the forehead of the cloth, one side of the word written a "child".
  
  Wei Qian read Ma Chunming's message from it - the two sons of bitches want to fight.
  
  ...... This kind of asshole is still living well under his own hand, taking a salary and calling out from time to time, Wei Qian feels that he is really a bright king.
  
  He heard suppressed laughter, and when Wei Qian turned around, he realized that Wei Zhiyuan had stood behind him at some point.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan still didn't wear a shirt, his shoulders were broad and square, the muscle lines of his naked/exposed upper body were obvious and graceful, even the miserable wounds didn't look much of an eyesore, but instead added some vibrant wildness to him.
  
  This kid's bare ass look have been seen I don't know how many times, but Wei Qian has never been as embarrassed as he is now, his eyes slid away at the touch of Wei Zhiyuan's body, focusing as much as he could on Wei Zhiyuan's nose: "I'll let Xiao Bao's side make arrangements for Xiao Fei, and you're also less likely to go out in the next two days. I encountered something there, and I even got ...... involved today."
  
  Before he finished his words, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly interrupted him, "Actually, I'm particularly happy today."
  
  Wei Qian was dumbfounded, he intuited what Wei Zhiyuan was going to say below, and intuitively wanted to stop it, but his temples were throbbing so suddenly that he couldn't say a word for a while.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan slowly approached him, bracing his hands on the wall behind Wei Qian.
  
  "I grew up hoping that one day I could also protect you." Wei Zhiyuan said softly, "Your old age didn't give me a chance either, it's not easy to snatch one today."
  Wei Qian's throat slid imperceptibly and gently, yet his slightly drooping eyelids made it look like his expression didn't fluctuate a bit.
  
  Wei Qian said coldly, "You are simply sick."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled bitterly, looked a little melancholy: "Xiong said I should have three introspections a day, every day I sleep in front of the front wall, recalling the size of the day's thoughts, there was a period of time, I was with a few friends to make a stand-alone disaster theme game, then I had a thought lingering every day, I hope that suddenly there will be a big earthquake, the brick framework fell down, burying the whole city, I will be could use all my flesh and bones to hold a crack open for you, so you could watch me pulverize in your arms."
  
  He stared into Wei Qian's eyes, his hand propped up on the wall slowly sliding down, gently resting on Wei Qian, "But then I dissected it and realized that the reason why I had this thought was purely because I hated you, and cornered myself into imagining/getting back at you, which is the typical loser's way of thinking, so I just started to keep myself from thinking that way, though it still pops up once or twice every now and then ......"
  
  He got closer and closer to Wei Qian, and after gently closing his eyes for a moment, he revealed a child-like smile, "Just a little bit, I have so many wounds on my body like a skin rotting cloth, if you have the ability, you can hit me."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  Wei Zhiyuan's smile grew even wider, "Yeah, brother, I'm just threatening you."
  
  Yet as he said this, he ended up being disciplined and didn't do anything outrageous, just very gently and carefully kissing Wei Qian between his eyebrows, slapdash-like, lingering a little before backing away.
  And then he let go and took a step back, "Holy shit, so happy, it's worth being killed by you."
  
  Wei Qian had absolutely no idea why he was standing here like a stake, listening to this psychopath's mouth full of bullshit, not to mention why he hadn't hit him, why he hadn't pushed him away, and remained in a dorky goose-like upright position allowing him to be reckless.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's eyes, words, three fat when leaving the sentence "take care of yourself", all sorts of things all in Wei Qian's brain tangled into a muddle.
  In the end, Wei Qian turned left without expression and went back to the house without saying a word, "banging" the door.
  
  After that day, Wei Zhiyuan is dead winding Wei Qian, every day resolutely to work with him, Wei Qian go where he followed to where, during the day in Wei Qian's office to let Xiaofei to another support a table, with headphones to do their own thing, the night there are entertainments he followed to dilly-dallying, no will go home together, so that Wei Qian 24 hours a day, as long as the eyes do not close, all the time to see this thing.
  
  After a few more days, Song returned, accompanied by Alex and a retired female SWAT officer that Faye had gotten to help her.
  
  Wei Qian had no choice but to go with Wei Zhiyuan to pick her up.
  Bitch A saw Wei Qian for the first time and stared at him all the way, just short of drooling, and was finally blocked from view by Wei Zhiyuan who couldn't bear to give him a warning look.
  
  Alex sneaks up on Bao and bites his ear, "That's so petty, I'm just looking."
  Song Xiaobao stretched out her thin, high heel and viciously crushed his foot, "Be, a little, pussy, face."
  
  Alex's face is as thick as a city wall, not caring, not allowed to look at this, he'll look at something else, shifting his eyes to Wei Zhiyuan's body, almost through the clothes, licking every muscle line on Wei Zhiyuan's body with his sight, licking a wipe of his mouth after licking it, and then glancing at Song Xiaobao with a critical and disgusted look, and continuing to bite his ear, "Actually, you're the one who picked up the pieces, aren't you? "
  
  Song Xiaobao was so fed up with this bitch that she planned to beat him on the spot for three hundred rounds, but who knew that right at this moment, Alex, who never resisted when he was being beaten up professionally, suddenly lifted a hand and easily held her down, and at the same time, his expression got serious: "Wait, stop it."
  
  With that said, Alex jerked his head back as a figure seemed to flash in the distance, and by the time they walked over to check it out, the person had already run away.
  
  "It's been followed for a while," Wei Qian said, "I'm getting used to it."
  "It's not someone following." Alex said, "I think this person might be spying on you guys."
  
  Although Alex is very cheap, but it is really a no-nonsense model, in recent years it is a foot into the film and television circle, even Wei Qian, such as people who do not watch TV see him feel familiar with the face, to deal with the paparazzi are almost his daily routine, to the clandestine shooting of the camera, he is extra sensitive.
  
  Being hit by his words.
  
  I don't know if the other party knew they were aware of it, but the next day Wei Qian received a courier in his office, a thick stack of photos, some of which were clearer, some of which appeared much blurrier.
  
  And the more blurred, the more ambiguous the content of the photo seems to be, especially one seems to be taken from a distance from the window, originally at that time Wei Zhiyuan just said a couple of words to him, and pecked him lightly on his forehead, but the shot came out as if Wei Zhiyuan had pressed him against the wall and kissed him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately came over, "Is it from that Wang something or other?"
  He frowned tightly as he picked up the most over-the-top photo, "I'm sorry for the oversight."
  
  Entrepreneurs and politicians are not in show business, the whole society is asking for their "corporate social responsibility", especially when they usually deal with Weiqian's local government officials and partners of big companies, what age are they? After all, there are a few people who are as old as Mr. Zhang and still shameless, what will they think?
  
  And about Wei Zhiyuan's origin, Wei Qian has always seldom explained to people, only saying that he is a younger brother, the same as Xiao Bao, who would know that it is not pro?
  
  In an age where homosexuality has been out of sight ...... brotherly incest?
  This is too much.
  
  "You don't have to worry, I'll take this on." Wei Zhiyuan calmed down for a moment, his mind immediately went through a number of options to perfectly take all the blame on himself and take Wei Qian out - not to mention that it was his wishful thinking that his brother was innocent of being forced by him, even if Wei Qian really ...... intends to do everything he can to keep his brother out of trouble again for the rest of his life. He is also planning to do his best to keep his brother out of trouble for the rest of his life.
  
  Just then, the phone on Wei Qian's desk rang.
  Wei Qian raised his hand to stop Wei Zhiyuan's words and picked up.
  
  The other party slowly opened his mouth, "Wei Dong, it's really hard to say a few words to you."
   


60. Chapter 60 

  Wei Qian's reaction was very flat, whether it was the photos, Wei Zhiyuan's words or the sudden phone call, he didn't have much of an expression. He raised his hand and pressed it down a bit, signaling Wei Zhiyuan to sit down first, and said to the person on the other end of the phone, "Mr. Wang."
  
  Wang Dongliang first long pout and sigh of emotion: "Hey, you have to come all the way to our hometown, to participate in the construction of our city, I? Hey, mixed not good, but also in the local can have a few people look familiar face, barely a bit of face - have not had time to invite Wei Dong to eat a meal? I do not know this face, Wei Dong appreciate it?"
  
  Wei Qian gently a kind, do not know whether it is ridicule or irony, then his eyes fell to the corner of his own table, his fingers gently tapped, Wei Zhiyuan immediately comprehend the spirit of the cigarette box over, lit a hand to him.
  
  "Mr. Wang is too polite."
  
  Wang Dongliang seemingly brightly laughed: "Where, I have heard of Wei Dong long ago ah, young talent, capable of ...... oops, to say, our brother and sister also have quite a history."
  Wei Qian didn't move and flicked the ash of his cigarette, "How do you mean?"
  
  "You also know, your brother Wang I this person, like to make friends, heroes do not ask the source of it, these friends of the three religions and nine streams, where to have, some of them, when they were young may have made some mistakes, ha ha, of course, now the prodigal son back. Now I have such a friend, this year also small sixty la, surnamed Ji, called Ji Xuewen, I do not know if you have the impression."
  
  Wang Dongliang, this big rascal is just so roundabout in his speech, Wei Qian frowned a bit, not able to react to what he was barking at there at first, after a slight moment of hesitation, Wei Qian cautiously picked up his words, "I haven't really heard of what your friend is a holy man."
  
  Wang Dongliang again began his three paper no ass like long speech, a good burst of emotion life is impermanent, interspersed with a few lines of Gu Gu's head but not the butt of the Tang poetry and Song dynasty, sour as if he forgot to put the sugar of the sour plum soup, Wei Qian took this gap foot finished three cigarettes ...... the fourth was Wei Zhiyuan forcefully snatched down and smoked away.
  
  Finally, after running around the globe, Wang Dongliang returned to the main topic.
  
  "Indeed," said the rogue, "also so many years have passed, Wei Dong, and indeed young, the earlier events probably do not remember. By coincidence, this Ji Xuewen happened to be in prison in the year you were born, and your mother is very much in touch ......"
  
  Until then, Wei Qian's face changed for the first time.
  
  Only to hear Wang Dongliang slowly spit out the latter words over there: ''No, how can I say it's a great source? Brother Wang is uneducated, this mouth always has poor words, you don't care ah. Although there is no normal marriage relationship, right, but without him there is no you, how do you say this? That ...... blood is thicker than water or something ......"
  
  Wei Qian suddenly interrupted him, "Is Mr. Wang planning to have a big opening and directly install a father for me? Then this dad is really quite cheap."
  
  Wang Dongliang smiled triumphantly: "Wei how to speak straight with thorns it, how, today little brother did not serve well? Listen to the mood is not good ah - but look at the face, Wei Dong and my friend is not much like, Wei Dong or like the mother's side a little more it, my friend saw your photo, ouch, eyes are straight, said that the eyebrow and eye, is really not bad at all, it is true that the old saying is good, 'born son Shaw mother, born female Xiao father' ah ...... hahahahaha, said more, of course, old brother I am an outsider, your 'own family' thing, I then talk more, it will cause people to hate. Or that is to say, some other day must come, my brother has to treat you well, please eat us point our local most characteristic, there is a 'living restaurant', living people as a dinner plate, all are beautiful and bright eyebrows of the young man, Wei Dong must be good for this mouth, when don't you dare to be polite with me."
  
  As soon as the words "to give birth to a son and a mother" left his mouth, the veins on Wei Qian's forehead popped out, and Wei Zhiyuan clearly felt his breath hitched.
  However, Wei Qian didn't show up at Wang Dongliang's place after all.
------------

Reading in sections 68

Out a little bit of clues to patiently listen to his entire meaningful bullshit, the corner of his mouth gently pulled a little, seemingly smiling, said: "Mr. Wang appetite can be really good, it seems that the brother I have to accompany you to have fun."
  
  The moment he put down the phone, Wei Qian gently let out a breath, it felt like he had been holding it for a while, his breath was a little shaky, his lips looked like they were frozen, green and white, without a trace of blood color.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan called him softly, "Brother ......"
  Wei Qian didn't respond, Wei Zhiyuan leaned across the table and probed to pinch his shoulder, "Brother!"
  
  Wei Qian only then seems to be back to God, he raised his head and fixedly looked at Wei Zhiyuan, and then slowly bent down, took out a document from the drawer and handed it to Wei Zhiyuan, said somewhat breathlessly, "This is the investment department drafted, about the cooperation agreement of that game of yours, the people in charge of legal affairs have read it, you take it to go over it first, and if there are any problems, go directly to the manager in charge of communicating with him. "
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze for a moment and was about to say something, but Wei Qian lowered his eyes, "Go out first, leave me alone for a while."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan frowned, and Wei Qian raised his volume slightly, "Get out."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan could see that he was upset and didn't want to add to his woes at this time, so he silently picked up the drafted contract on the table and turned to walk out, gently taking the door with him.
  
  It was already after work, Wei Qian didn't make a trip out of his office, and the headquarters people were almost gone before Wei Zhiyuan wandered around and knocked on his door, "Brother? It's time to go home?"
  
  There was no movement inside for a while, and Wei Zhiyuan was about to raise his hand to knock on the door again when it opened from the inside.
  
  Wei Qian's face was extremely ugly as he took out the car keys from his pocket and handed them to Wei Zhiyuan, explaining, "You drive."
  There would be no more words.
  
  "This afternoon and your department manager talked a lot, quite interesting ...... Hey right, brother, there are still vegetables at home? Buy some on the way in a while, what do you want to eat?"
  Wei Zhiyuan tried to start a conversation, yet Wei Qian either simply responded or simply leaned sickly against the car seat without squeaking.
  
  In the end, Wei Zhiyuan also fell silent, and when he entered the neighborhood, he slowed down to about the same speed as a bicycle, slowly drove into the neighborhood driveway, and evened out a hand and wrapped it around the back of Wei Qian's hand - the hand was cold.
  
  Wei Qian just opened his eyes and swept him with a salty glance before closing them again.
  He neither protested in movement nor retracted, it seemed to be just some sort of self-indulgent numbness.
  
  Definitely not right, Wei Zhiyuan thought.
  
  It was only when he drove the car to his own garage that Wei Zhiyuan managed to cover his hand with heat, Wei Qian opened his eyes, which had been closed, a slit, as if his microcirculation had just been restored, and he moved his stiff fingers, slowly asking Wei Zhiyuan, "Is it good to touch?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan disciplined himself as he saw fit and withdrew his claws, "Brother, are you alright?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Uh-huh."
  After saying that, he unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car, walking straight upstairs, Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly caught up with him, "Brother, the photo thing, I want to ......"
  
  Wei Qian walked ahead with his back to him, raising one hand and holding up two fingers, "Let's talk about this one."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Huh?"
  "We'll talk about it tomorrow, Bo is still at home."
  
  Bao is sprawled out on a coffee table with Alex, looking at old photographs--a request Alex has begged for, and Song Xiaobao, out of the hospitality of the simple people, agrees to him in a moment of naivety, and soon regrets it.
  
  Bitch A's intention was to visit a handsome boy in his early childhood, but he soon found a more amusing one - Song Xiao Bao in his early childhood, for which he unleashed his inhuman ridicule.
  
  "Hahahahaha, how could you look like that when you were a kid? It's so bizarre! Li Li, secretly tell my brother, how many cuts did you make in the Similitude Kingdom before you obtained this disguised human identity now? It's okay, I won't interrogate you about what your purpose for coming to Earth is, just tell me."
  
  Song Xiaobao: "What ah! How can it be that ugly?"
  
  Bitch A bared a mouthful of snow-white teeth and said seriously, "No, girl, it's not ugly at all, it's just a slightly gruesome situation by human standards."
  Song: "......"
  
  Bitch A came closer and observed her for a moment, "You're not nearsighted? Luckily, or else you wouldn't have been able to wear glasses with your nose slapped by the door when you were a kid, I'm afraid. A little girl, all day long the glasses with a wire tied to the head, like a patient who has just had a brain-damage treatment surgery, tsk, how miserable it must be ah."
  
  Song glared at him.
  
  Her gaze was unkilling to Bitch A. Alex carelessly flipped through his family's rare old photo albums while saying, "You told me last time that the big brother in the family is pro, and the second brother isn't right? Lol, you want to be like your big brother is good ...... hey I fuck, who is this?!"
  
  The last page of the album is a woman.
  
  Due to the age and photographic technology, the woman's expression looked a bit stiff, with permed curly hair that looked very gaudy in today's world, smeared blood-red and blood-red lips, her cheeks wasted and sunken in, her face dull and dull, her eyes numbly looking at the camera, and she was trying to squeeze a bit of an unnatural smile out of her.
  By all rights, the photo should have been devastating, maybe even Xishi could have been photographed as a saltless woman, but Alex stared at the woman's face for a long time, and if Bao hadn't known that he was bending out of his pi, he would have thought that he fell in love at first sight with the woman in the photo.
  
  "Pretty ......," Alex murmured after a while.
  Xiaobao said in disbelief, "Huh? Which is pretty, what a silly shot."
  
  Alex waved his hand, "You don't understand - look, she's like a dummy made of wax, her whole body is stiff and unnatural to the camera, and there's something particularly gray in her eyes, appearing to have dull eyes and a stagnant expression, and at first glance it's just an ordinary middle-aged woman, but when you carefully discern it It is found that this woman looks really ...... beautiful, as if ......"
  He seemed to suddenly run out of words and gesticulated for half a day before he said incoherently, "The kind of flower that's dying, you know, where the outer petals have deteriorated into a dying brownish-yellow color, and you can see the veins of the dried-up plant inside, and there's only a bit of tattered vitality in the heart of the flower with the vapor that's going to be gone soon... ..."
  
  Song Xiao Bao said, "Don't you just want to say crippled flower?"
  
  "Gross! Do you have any aesthetic? Shut up if you can't talk about it, I've realized you're practically a dog's mouth." Alex sprayed her without a good mood, then, he lowered his head to look at the photo with fascination and whispered, "There's a kind of beauty like the line will be destroyed, so that when one looks at it, one will unconsciously imagine what that flower looks like when it blooms at its peak....... Hey, who's this guy? "
  
  "My mom." Song Xiaobao said, pulling the photo out and looking at the date labeled on it, "I don't remember what she looks like, my brother said ...... Oh, by this time she should have already started using drugs, no wonder she's skinny as this skin and bones ghost."
  
  Alex snapped out of it, as if he'd touched on Bo's their family's heartbreak, and snapped out of his avid photographer state, snapping, "Li'l, I'm sorry ah ......"
  "It's fine, I don't remember a thing about her." Song Xiaobao shrugged with a seemingly heartless shrug and added, "Not to my dad either."
  
  Just at this time, Wei Qian and Wei Zhiyuan came back, Wei Qian's eyes could not help but fall on the photos in the hands of Xiaobao, his face did not see any joy or anger, just walked over, cleaned up with their own hands, and stuffed the mother's photos back into the album, and then in the top of Song Xiaobao's head lightly patted a slap: "Playing with what is not good to play with the photos."
  
  Although Alex wanted to stay a little longer and watch the beautiful man feed his eyes, he detected Wei Qian's face was not depressed, so he had to take his leave within five minutes and go to the hotel where he was staying.
  
  Weiqian cheered up, chatted with Xiao Bao for a few minutes, and went back to the house before nine o'clock.
  Only when he reached his room did Wei Qian shut the door behind him and viciously pinched his brow - he had a splitting headache.
  
  Wei Qian just hastily washed up, didn't even wipe his hair, and rolled into bed, and soon, fell asleep physically and mentally, before he completely fell into sleep, his mind ran through the events of the whole day in a chaotic manner, and finally, it was fixed on the old photo that was being held by Xiao Bao in his hand.
  
  First he was confused and rehashed his old dream about leaning on a pregnant woman as a child and listening to her stories about the river and children.
  And then the woman and the voice reading disappeared, and it was as if there was a follow-up to that story.
  
  The woman's plump cheeks were sunken in, the tip of her already high nose seemed sharp enough to poke through the sky, her gaze grew more and more somber and numb, and there always seemed to be a frantic deadness in her crimson lips.
  
  Wei Qian seemed to have retreated to his teenage years, and as soon as he pushed the door, he saw the woman standing woodenly in front of Xiao Bao's bed, still holding the syringe she used for drugs in her hand, and staring deathly at the little girl on the bed.
  
  The heartless little girl slept unaware.
  Wei Qian's scalp exploded as he took two steps over, pushing the woman away and blocking in front of Xiao Bao's bed, "What are you doing?"
  
  The woman, skinny as a bamboo pole in the wind, stumbled and staggered backward a few steps at the lift of his hand and sat on her ass.
  
  "What am I doing?" She laughed lowly, her hand that fell to the corner just happened to touch the storybook that Wei Qian had when he was a child, the woman picked it up and, as if for amusement, unhurriedly tore the book page by page, she said slowly, "You two b*tchy little bastards, what's the point of living? Might as well die early and have a good reincarnation in your next life."
  
  She said, her eyes fell between the tattered pages, "Little sheep little sheep round, ow a bite to eat, one don't run ...... hahahahaha, one don't run."
  Wei Qian: "Crazy."
  He didn't want to look at her anymore and bent down to check on Bo in the cot, the kid had been a little piggy since she was a baby and froze with all the commotion next to her.
  Her little face was bulging and her little meatball-like paws were at her side, unintentionally fluttering together as if she was trying to grab something.
  
  The teenager sighed in relief and gently gathered the girl's small hand under the covers, feeling as if she were clinging to her fingers.
  
  But before he could experience the body heat coming from the child's warm palm, a pair of hands suddenly embraced him from behind, he smelled the woman's revoltingly bad fragrance, the hands were so thin that they were out of shape, the backs of the hands had a line that dried out, the fingertips didn't have the slightest bit of blood, but their touch was extremely slippery, like two ice-cold fishes slipping into his clothes, one hand pinched his waist, then moved to his chest, and the other hand touched his lower/body and rubbed it teasingly.
  
  The teenager's body would be developing, not yet ready for puberty, and he was too clueless to know what was going on and froze on the spot.
  With the unfamiliar agitation surging through his veins and "rumbling" into his brain, Wei Qian finally came back to his senses, struggled violently to get up, and turned back to give the woman a slap.
  
  There was a "pop" and the room was silent for a few moments before Bao was finally awakened and cried out as loud as a bell.
  
  The woman licked her scarlet lips, covered her face with one hand, sat down on her knees, and laughed softly and intermittently, and for a while her crazy expression actually looked a little bit petulant: "Aiya, baby boy, so you don't get it yet?"
  
  Wei Qian's blood went cold, he felt as if the touch of the woman on his body was still there, like a snake was wrapped around him, and with a wave of nausea, he held onto the table and dry-heaved.
  
  The woman stopped laughing and looked at him indifferently, "You men, don't you just love this kind of thing? What, think mom is disgusting? So what? More than ten years ago, the blood on your body was mine, so you're not disgusting yourself? Hmm?"
  
  When she finished, she gathered her hair, lifted her chin, and stood up demurely and indifferently, but her mouth hummed softly, "Little sheep, little sheep, round and round, owww one bite to eat, don't run away, not one ......"
  
  Humming while stepping on her high heels and undoing her neckline a bit, she staggered out, and when she reached the doorway, she suddenly turned back, her eyes wide open, her eyeballs on the verge of being dislodged from their sockets, and looked steadily at Wei Qian, babbling, ''I told you not to cross the river, don't cross it, and you're still going to cross it! How is it? Song Da Wei is dead, right? You're finished too, right? It's about to be eaten by 'owu' in one bite, right? Ahahahahahaha ......"
  
  Her laughter grew sharper and sharper, and by the end it was almost like the night cries of a crow with a pinched throat, giving birth to a certain heartbreaking ominousness.
  
  Wei Qian jolted awake, his heart palpitating like thunder.
  
  He had forgotten to close the window when he went to bed, and the cold wind of late fall had blown him hard and jolted him, and then, only then, did he realize that he was naked.
  Wei Qian frowned, he was usually under extreme pressure, rest time was extremely precious, usually fell back to sleep, not much care for this aspect of the need, every once in a while occasionally, but also with a hand to hastily pass himself off.
  But this night, he felt a little diabolical and didn't reach out to touch it, just leaned back against the bed and waited quietly for the lust/lust to pass, and didn't bother to close the window, letting the wind blow.
  
  I don't know how long it took for both his heartbeat and his body to gradually calm down, Wei Qian got up, intending to go and get himself a glass of water to drink, and he felt a bit ridiculous as he broke out of the nightmare - both that dream and Wang Dongliang.
  
  He used to straighten up as much as he could, leave school, and then, because of that ridiculous bit of pride, go and make play money as a punching bag for Le.
  
  But so what? Now, he thought, if he wanted to, if Le Xiaodong's nightclub was still there, he could buy it two or three to throw around, and who could shake his pride?
  
  Money and profit will always weave a huge net, it just depends on whose net is big and whose net is strong.
  In just a few days, Wei Qian had already figured out Wang Dongliang.
  
  Highly valued by Wang Dongliang's brother-in-law in the demolition of people killed, the matter was suppressed by him in the local, who knew that the person killed in the family has a distant relative, the background is not so simple, and now I'm afraid that there are people who are preparing to investigate the family name of Wang.
  
  There is also the pile of labor prisoners under Wang Dongliang's hand, although they are all relying on him to support him to do things for him, but as these people are becoming more and more lawless, it is also becoming more and more difficult to restrain them, and Wang Dongliang is now being dragged down by one foot.
  
  He definitely needs money, a lot of it, he's so poor he's on the verge of dogfighting.
  I heard that he's holding a sum of money laundered from Macao and needs a serious opening.
------------

Reading in Sections 69

The children flowed back to the Mainland, and it was almost impossible to find a more desirable way than this project of converting the square into residential units.
  A city project, Ma Chunming previously gave a very accurate market research report, the local pre-sale management is not very strict, absolutely in the main body before the roof to get the vast majority of the money back, and may even be liquidated, if the operation of the early stage of the proper, the entire payback period may not be more than half a year, a rare "short and quick" high profit project.
  
  Wang Dongliang must get this piece of land as soon as possible, Wei Qian put down his glass of water, staring at the water slightly reflecting a little bit of shimmering light, holding the cup, is his own belongs to a grown man, long and strong fingers, he said in his heart: I must make you can not get.
  
  Just then, the door to Wei Zhiyuan's room suddenly opened.
  
  Wei Qian came back to his senses, glanced at the clock on the wall, and lowered his voice to ask, "Why aren't you asleep at this hour? Living through jet lag?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan came over, "Well, I was just discussing something with a few overseas friends ...... Brother, I am a little worried about you."
  
  Wei Qian felt that he was calm - he felt that he was calm when he received the call from Wang Dongliang, and the nightmare was just a coincidence that broke his usual biological clock of going to bed late and waking up early - he was still thinking about how to deal with the big hooligans, and of course, he should have been rational.
  
  At this moment, however, in the midst of such calm sanity, the cartwheel of the madwoman in his dream could not but well up in his mind.
  
  Crossing the river ......
  
  Crossing the river? I'm going across. How's that?
  So what if your parents aren't human?
  What is homosexuality? What's incest?
  
  "Trying to threaten me with something as painless as this?" Wei Qian thought to himself, "Wind sword and frost sword words like snow? If you're capable of burying me, who have I ever been afraid of? Fuck it."
  
  "You come with me." Wei Qian said nonchalantly, as if he intended to talk to Wei Zhiyuan about how the investment money should go through the formalities.
  
  However, after he brought the door with him, he violently pressed Wei Zhiyuan against the door, and before Wei Zhiyuan could figure out what was going on, he came up without any lightness and nibbled on Wei Zhiyuan's lips.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt his steady heartbeat "crunch" for a moment, forgetting to pop the word.
  


61. Chapter 61

  Wei Qian actually didn't know how to kiss, it was a technical job, he hadn't done it before.
  
  Gentle, he just know to send children to sleep like, gently stick a little, raging ...... this he imagined not quite out.
  Well, in fact, Wei Qian in the lunch break time flipped through a small yellow book on Lin Qing's desk, but unfortunately after reading it, he is still confused, did not get any guidance from it, because according to the book on the "kiss" of the metaphysical description of his barren imagination did not build up any human action, to say that the associations ......
  Wei Qian at the time after watching, the brain emerged in the 1980s and 1990s martial arts films of the special shots ...... is the "Hoha" a moment, and then the protagonist behind a series of two kicks flashing colorful aurora explosion of the kind.
  
  So all he could do was ravage Wei Zhiyuan's lips as if he was venting his anger.
  
  Autumn northern climate is dry, people's lips are easy to skin, Wei Zhiyuan negligence of maintenance, so a gentle tug on the break, Wei Qian soon tasted a little bit of blood keenly, he then faintly from the ups and downs of the mind back to God, embarrassment, found that he is like a pervert, it is really too svelte to lose ground.
  
  Only then did he try to pull back a bit, but he was suddenly viciously clasped by Wei Zhiyuan on the back of his head and greedily counterattacked back.
  
  Unlike the first time - after that annual meeting, he instinctively punched Wei Zhiyuan with his hand, and after that, he only remembered being shocked and angry, not much else.
  This time, Wei Qian hesitated for a moment before Wei Zhiyuan probed into his mouth in a swift motion, sweeping every corner he could reach.
  Tingling a bit from the stimulation, Wei Qian forgot to breathe for a moment.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan a hand at some point wrapped in Wei Qian waist, Wei Qian was pulled by him waist can not help but slightly bent back down, the adult waist is mostly not so soft, a little longer will feel very strenuous, Wei Qian feel that he is simply like a bow that was Wei Zhiyuan pressure bent.
  His tensed muscles had begun to ache, and he couldn't help but reach out and brace himself against the wall while Wei Zhiyuan was still unrelenting.
  
  At some point, Wei Zhiyuan's hand rolled up the hem of the top of his pajama top, Wei Zhiyuan's palm was on fire as if it was hot, not like a caress, his hand was so heavy that it almost seemed like it was trying to jerk off a layer of his flesh, and quickly balked at the small of Wei Qian's back, and continued on.
  Wei Qian felt a heavy pinch on his waist socket, which hurt him, followed by a wave of soreness running up his spine, and his waist went limp, instinctively struggling a bit as a vague, protesting murmur escaped his throat.
  
  And then, Wei Qian felt something in his crotch/lower pressed against him.
  He stiffened involuntarily.
  
  Just then, Wei Zhiyuan finally ended the kiss, he slowly and tremblingly suppressed his sharp gasps for a long time before he sighed lowly, seemingly using great perseverance to force himself to let go, slowly releasing Wei Qian.
  Wei Qian stood with his center of gravity off, leaning back a bit and taking two steps back before he could stand still.
  
  There were no lights on in the room, and Wei Zhiyuan leaned against the door, his eyes like a wolf's, even in the darkness, flickering with a light that made it hard to ignore, almost hungry, and his chest rose and fell violently.
  
  Wei Qian's heart skipped a beat, and then he spat at himself, "What kind of business am I running here."
  
  "Qian'er," Wei Zhiyuan opened his mouth to call him, but changed his name, his voice was low and hoarse as if the metal had scratched the coarse sandpaper, "I fucking Xiao want you for almost ten years, can you not test me so much? I ...... I really can't hold it."
  
  Wei Qian was speechless.
  
  "You ...... you, forget it, wait for me to slow down." Wei Zhiyuan's breathing was ragged, he seemed to be a bit of a gamble, and walked straight to Wei Qian's bed - the chair was piled with things, there was no place to sit.
  
  Wei Qian's quilt was spread on one side, there was still a bit of ambiguous residual warmth inside, Wei Zhiyuan didn't think that his desire/want could actually be ignited by him so easily, it was a bit hard to get a hold of him, he simply dropped both his legs to the floor, his upper body slumped over, like a prone lion, closed his eyes, and briefly crouched down on Wei Qian's pillows.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had meant to be quiet for a while, to calm his lust/lust, but he soon realized that it couldn't have been a more rancid idea.
  
  Given someone's behavior of lying down to sleep without even drying his hair, the pillowcase left a very obvious smell of shampoo, and the darkness amplified Wei Zhiyuan's keen sense of smell; in addition to the shampoo, he also smelled the faint scent of bath soap mixed in, as well as a certain unique scent that belonged to Wei Qian.
  
  The odor was extremely provocative and surrounded him from all sides, yet not only that, but also the slightly concave bed, the quilt with Wei Qian's body heat behind him, Wei Zhiyuan's nose was a little itchy at that time, while he unintentionally rubbed on the pillow, the side of his face was actually stained with a piece of Wei Qian's hair ......
  
  "Fuck!" Wei Zhiyuan completely cranky, he was originally born not acute people, not to mention these years to sink his mind to cultivate his body, can hardly recall the last time he was so cranky is the monkey years and months.
  Like a fraud, he sat up with a jerk and said in a low voice, "My veins are about to split."
  
  Wei Qian seemed to be a bit out of his element, up to this point, his brain, which he thought was calm, was blank, as he stood two steps away and asked with donkey lips, "What did you just call me?"
  
  Through the thin moonlight, Wei Zhiyuan saw his complex and misplaced expression, the buttons on his chest were rubbed open several times by himself, Wei Qian didn't seem to notice, revealing a narrow strip on his chest.
  "Just torture me." Wei Zhiyuan stood up, struggling to control his behavior in the midst of the burning lust/fire, but didn't control his mouth as he said, "Wei Qian, I really hate you."
  
  When he staggered past, Wei Qian suddenly grabbed Wei Zhiyuan's wrist.
  His nearly blank expression was shattered by Wei Zhiyuan's earlier words of venting his anger, and for a moment he seemed to regain his composure, his tone sounding even calmer.
  
  Wei Qian said, "Get on the bed, I'll help you."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's strong heart once again jammed, he only remembers that he was Wei Qian gently pushed a hand, immediately as weightless as "floating" back to the bed, the revolutionary spirit of the early don't know where to die, Wei Qian's cold hand just reached into his pants, not yet touched which, he has been the first whole person shivered, screamed out.
  
  With his behavior, Wei Qian relaxed, and even casually insulted him: "What are you screaming for? The lines were read out early--I say you don't startle, okay? What's wrong with the cat?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's sanity had long since shattered into crumbs, and despite Wei Qian's scribbling and rough maneuvering, in the hands of someone who thought about it day and night, the minutiae of technical issues counted for nothing.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan called him randomly, one time it was "brother" and the other time it was his name, delirious.
  Definitely not much comfortable, Wei Qian is very clear about this, he dispatched himself has been very wooden, feeling not as good as the massage store blind big brother to press the cervical vertebrae when it comes to cool, purely to solve the need ...... But a person really will be delirious for the sake of another person?
  
  Wei Qian was used to people relying on and obeying him, and had always done his best to become more reliable; it was almost the most intimate emotional interaction for him.
  But Wei Zhiyuan was different, he came too close.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but feel incredulous - was he that good? Where did all of Xiao Yuan's obsession come from?
  He has never been given even the most taken for granted and unwarranted parental love in his life, and has never established a minimum level of trust in the world, let alone the vaunted ......
  
  Love.
  
  Yet he saw his own reflection in Wei Zhiyuan's glittering eyes, and for the first time felt that extremely intimate connection, as if it had been secretly planted in his heart without him even knowing it.
  
  Wei Qian s heart suddenly softened, like someone gently tickled with a feather, along with his movements could not help but put a more gentle ...... though gentle and still very incompetent.
  
  Until Wei Qian wiped his hands clean, Wei Zhiyuan was still lying on his bed and refusing to get up.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Brother."
  Wei Qian threw the paper towel into the paper basket, "What is it?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan called again, "Qian'er ......"
  Wei Qian closed the window that had been open for most of the night: "Huh?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan is fine, just want to call him.
  The youth closed his eyes between the soft beds and murmured and called out again, "Ken-chan."
  
  This time Wei Qian finally got impatient, "What are you doing? Are you done?"
  Wei Zhiyuan laughed to himself and said lowly, "It's worth dying for."
  
  The words were sincere to the point that anyone could hear them, Wei Qian's chest choked hard, but he had no way to express it, he just walked over and slapped Wei Zhiyuan on the leg, "Get up, the bedsheets are letting you roll into salted vegetable skin."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan obediently climbed up and stood to the side, watching as he pulled the sheets, which were nestled in a mess, and yanked back the quilt, which had already been balled up into a roll and curled up in the corner.
  
  "Brother, I can ......" Wei Zhiyuan paused, "Well, forget it, it's nothing, I'd better go back to my house."
  
  Wei Qian's back was turned to him and his expression could not be seen, but after a second, Wei Qian spoke faintly, "There's a spare pillow in the cupboard, go get it."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan jerked his head up, "Xiao Bao is still at home, you ......"
  Wei Qian interrupted him, "It's fine."
  
  He did not realize that he had already told Xiaobao, and he was not so uncouth that he immediately adapted to this kind of weird relationship and immediately accepted the fact that his brother had climbed into his bed wholeheartedly Wei Zhiyuan could see ...... that he just, did not want to make himself feel embarrassed.
  Maybe the party's going off the rails, he also felt that it was all his own fault, so he was going to sulk and take it on alone.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gently put the pillow down and burrowed into the quilt, tentatively reaching out and hugging Wei Qian, who had already laid down and closed his eyes, seemingly falling asleep at the speed of light.
  
  Wei Qian did not move, did not open his eyes, he did not want to show shyness or other emotions in front of that little brat, so he had to nervously put on the "it's no big deal" frame, pretending to be calm.
  
  However, ten minutes later, Wei Qian finally couldn't hold back and peeled away Wei Zhiyuan's hand, "Can you stop staring at me like a searchlight?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly narrowed his eyes to stare from the goodness of his heart.
  Oh, come on, it's a microscope now.
  
  He dragged Wei Qian back under the covers and said softly, "You go to sleep first, I'm still working on today's homework."
  Wei Qian: "What homework?"
  
  "Reflection." Wei Zhiyuan closed his eyes and said to Wei Qian in a whispering voice, "Starting in the morning. When I received the photos, I was happy for a moment, and even uncontrollably sneaked a few glances at those photos."
  
  Wei Qian: "Why didn't I see it?"
  
  "I didn't even feel it myself." Wei Zhiyuan said, "It was just a fleeting thought, that's why I had to recall it little by little afterward. I remember the pattern of the tea coasters on your desk - I've been in your office for a long time, and I've never noticed what kind of coasters you use, and the only thing I noticed today was that because the one against the wall was sitting next to the cups at the time, and I must have glanced at it a few more times to be impressed."
  
  Wei Qian was shocked, he never knew that there were people who studied themselves like Sherlock Holmes autopsy.
  
  Who taught him that?
  It could never be the old bear. If the old bear had such a high level of enlightenment, he would have become a real immortal long ago, why would he need to pretend to be a fake immortal every day?
  
  "I analyze this theft of joy for two reasons," Wei Zhiyuan went on to say, "One is that my heart for you has not seen the light for a long time, and of course I hope that it will one day be bright, but that might hurt you and many others, so this time it came out through someone else's hands ...... Don't care if it's true or not, I have the illusion that I got what I wanted in an 'innocent' situation."
  
  He paused and continued, "Of course, there is also a little deeper reason, that is, I still want to torture you ...... just now accidentally baldly told the truth. Although I decided in my heart to cultivate for you, I still can't help but hate you for not responding to me, I can't be completely honest yet. If it's because of me that
------------

Reading in sections 70

You're in pain, and I'll have the illusion that I have weight in your heart ...... so I can pretend that I'm important to you, sort of ...... brushing up on my presence."
  
  "No, you wait." Wei Qian propped up his upper body, "You're just so ...... so ...... bloody full of it every day before you go to sleep?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan opened his eyes and said frankly: "Yes, there is more. I just said that it's worth dying, I really thought so at that time, but now when I look back, I'm starting to be dissatisfied again, and when I hugged you, I had another thought, thinking that just now if I could have done a full set it would have been good - greed is not enough ...... alas, a little desire/hope gets satisfied, and soon there is a new dissatisfaction."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He didn't know exactly how Wei Zhiyuan had blurted out these words so loudly in front of himself, the deluded man of the time.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan smiled at him, "I swear, it's really just a thought, it hasn't gotten to the point where it's magnified yet - you cover it up, don't freeze."
  
  Before going to sleep that day, Wei Zhiyuan said in Wei Qian's ear: "It's not bloody, hearts and minds are separated, but why should you be separated from yourself? A lot of things are just self-deceiving, hiding it is not good for yourself, hide it more, people are easy to be weak, the more honest you are with yourself, the more you can get indestructible strength."
  
  The next day, Wei Qian had a little cold as soon as he woke up, probably because he blew it in the first half of the night, or maybe it was because in the second half of the night he had been worried that the single quilt was too small and always pushed the quilt towards Wei Zhiyuan, and as a result, he caught a cold.
  
  But this is the minutiae, the most soldierly thing in the morning is Song Xiaobo woke up early and wore headphones to press her legs, just finished a round of pressing ready to relax to do the second round, she saw her little brother come out from the big brother's house, and also intimately rushed to the house and asked, "Brother, what do you want to eat in the morning?"
  
  Until Wei Qian left the house, Xiao Bao's mouth that could fit into a duck egg didn't close.
  
  Wei Qian looked at her, did not explain anything, as far as possible to behave naturally to clean up and wash, as usual as if nothing happened, called her over to eat ...... except that he did not meet her eyes in the morning.
  
  And then he used the excuse of going to work and fell away ...... a full twenty minutes earlier than usual.
  
  There is still no one in the conference room, Wei Zhiyuan poured a cup of tea, opened the computer, said to Wei Qian: "I forgot to tell you last night, we used a little bit of illegal technical means, hacked into the computers of a few people around Wang Dongliang, pieced together a little bit of information, they have a book of yin and yang accounts, but unfortunately it is hand-recorded, and only a few pages of the scanned version leaked out, the information is not complete, but it involves several account transactions, we are already tracking them all, let me show you."
  
  Wei Qian was silent for a moment, "I don't want you to get involved in this kind of thing."
  
  "What do you expect me to do?" Wei Zhiyuan propped his hands on the conference table and asked him with a smile on his face, "Write my program silently like a third-grade student and earn a few pocket money to come back and ask you for a reward?"
  
  He picked up a signing pen, twirled it between his fingers a few times, and sighed, "How insecure you are, only willing to get attached to what you keep."
  
  Wei Qian said expressionlessly, "Breed who? You? I'm sick of raising a bastard like you to find anger all day long, why are you getting more and more shameless as you get older?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan seemed to love listening to him counting himself, not refuting a single word, playfully turning the laptop screen in front of him, immediately blocking Wei Qian's mouth.
  
  Half an hour later, the management team arrived.
  
  "The local government has just changed, and the first hand is an out-of-town parachuted in." Three fat said, "This is why this juncture in the accident, Wang Dongliang anxious to re-establish relations. Municipal gangs now have a very ambiguous attitude, one to the new leader just arrived, did not have time to feel clearly how deep the water of this local snake, two to this big leader is also almost retired, ready to close a tail without merit, do not want to make a mess in their own term of office late in the day."
  
  "It's not up to him or Wang Dongliang whether or not to make trouble." Wei Qian said.
  
  Ma Chunming flipped through some of the things that were secretly circulated internally and raised his hand in a proper manner, ready to make a tall statement, "We can report this person to the judiciary ......"
  
  All eyes were focused on him.
  "Shut up." Wei Qian ended his statement briefly with two words.
  
  Ma Chunming, a straight man who has never been shy about calling a spade a spade with the big boss when it comes to positions he considers important, immediately jumped to his feet, "I oppose the use of improper means!"
  
  "No one said anything about using improper means." The third fat man pressed him back into his seat, "Doctor, if you don't understand, just listen for a moment, and justifiable means aren't the only ones with your kind of straight eyebrows."
  
  "He just has more handles, this matter, also have to let the local government do it." Wei Qian lit a cigarette, "What has become of us stepping in? That's dog-eat-dog."
  
  Ma Chunming: "But didn't Mr. Tan just say ......"
  
  "Alright, I'll make a trip over there in a couple days to make a pre-war battle." Three Fatty crossed over to him and took over Wei Qian's words.
  
  Ma Chunming looked at him inexplicably.
  
  Three fat usually do not care about business, Ma Chunming usually do not care about public relations, the two together is basically a chicken and duck.
  Sanfat sighed and had to be patient, explaining to the doctor who was in some ways as elm-brained as he was.
  
  "I can through the previous several friends invited to the local public security a few people, discipline inspection that also contacted the head, and then a few accompanied," three fat fingers counting, "even with the municipal a few people, to make a table seat."
  
  He paused and added in a low voice, "When the time comes, we'll have to ask the investment department to get the project proposal ready as soon as possible."
  
  The manager of the investment department smiled, "I've known Xiao Yuan since we first met, and with his help, it's sure to be fast."
  
  Even though everyone spoke incoherently, Ma Chunming was smart enough to react after staying for a moment, and he muttered, "This is ...... too ......"
  
  "Keep internal information confidential, adjourn the meeting." Wei Qian didn't explain and patted Ma Chunming's shoulder.
  "It's too sinister." Ma Chunming said.
  
  "You've seen a few bad people and you dare to shyly say that the world is a dangerous place?" Wei Qian looked at him and smiled, "I even still feel quite peaceful."
  


62. Chapter 62 

  Every project is a test of contacts and market precision.
  
  Rough development, hit the big luck type of operation, will soon be the industry's big waves, which is the reason why Wei Qian left Ma Chunming this big monkey - even if Dr. Ma is an elm, he is also an elm with extremely clear thinking.
  
  Although Dr. Ma did not show his face much, he also understood Wei Qian's way of doing things, so he understood on the spot.
  
  Three fat so-called "pre-war" is the first hint, although he used to just eat and drink a light, but implied that their local network is smooth, to do enough to be subtle, but also to give the other side of the face, so as not to let people think that they are forcing the Palace, and then the Ministry of Investment's so-called "project". The so-called "project proposal" of the Ministry of Investment, of course, there will be entrainment, entrainment how much, is to show how many things they can grasp.
  
  It's like a big tree that shows a corner of its roots for others to see, so that they have a guess at the tip of the iceberg.
  
  That's why he said he wanted Wei Zhiyuan's help.
  
  "And then what are you going to do?" Ma Chunming asked as he chased Wei Qian to his office.
  
  Wei Qian barked like a dog and hooked his finger at him, calling Ma Chunming into the house and handing him a USB flash drive, "Go print it out."
  It was a nearly one hundred page project plan, Ma Chunming typed it out on recycled paper, a thick dozen of it, stapled, he looked at Wei Qian with some incredulity, "You did this? How did you have time to get this?"
  
  Wei Qian sneezed sideways and said somewhat jarringly, "Then you should leave it alone."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan, who hadn't been saying much by the side, walked over, bent down and touched his forehead, caught a cup of scalding hot water and placed it in front of Wei Qian, explaining, "Drink it, I'll go out and buy you medicine now."
  
  After saying that, he literally put on his coat and went out.
  
  Ma Chunming looked up at Wei Zhiyuan strangely - although he, as an only child, could not understand sibling love, but with his life experience and barren imagination, how to feel that the "younger brother" this kind of creature is synonymous with the bear child, never seen Wei Zhiyuan such  attentive and considerate as a boyfriend. Wei Zhiyuan such ...... attentive and considerate like a boyfriend.
  
  But when Ma Chunming's gaze landed on their ghostly boss, he immediately couldn't help but wind up shattering all of his flowers and shivering like he'd drank a jug of ice water in the middle of a cold winter month.
  "I must have gotten carried away." He thought.
  
  Ma Chunming reads extremely fast, ten lines at a glance, and according to his own boast, he can also forget it.
  After reading it, the Doctor collected his thrilled and lewd little thoughts and frowned, "The concept of an industrial park is indeed very gimmicky, and if it can really be cultivated, the tax revenue, and even the employment generated will be very attractive, but I'm afraid it won't be that easy to make it, right?"
  
  Wei Qian spoke after a patch of hot water bubbled white, "It's not easy, but things happen."
  
  "I think this industrial park thing, the timing is right and the people are missing - of course, that place in A City is feasible in terms of the natural and human environment, but don't you think it's not enough? And don't you think the positioning is too high? With 'culture and high technology' as the core, most of such industrial parks are gathered spontaneously, or fostered by the government through tax reductions and the establishment of awards - the government side definitely won't do it, and I don't think there's a mature soil over there. "
  
  Wei Qian spoke of a very famous foreign game brand and asked Ma Chunming, "Ever heard of it?"
  Ma Chunming hesitated and nodded.
  
  "Xiao Yuan and the others were involved in the production." Wei Qian said.
  
  Ma Chunming thought for a moment and then asked, "So you're planning to use his connections to lure in well-known brands? What do you offer people to attract them?"
  
  "When the government doesn't have tax breaks, I reduce the rent. I'll give them the best working environment, the cheapest fees, and the best companies can use technology shares in the property. I'm also going to open up an area of expert apartments in a beautiful mountainous area first, finely decorated, following the quality of high-end vacation apartments, how beautiful they are, and find the best property team to run them as a support, which can be free at first, and then spread the cost into the rent of the office area when the park matures." Wei Qian gently knocked on the table, "With well-known brands in the park, the government will have political achievements and tax revenues in the first place, and by relying on them, they can also attract upstream and downstream service providers, constructing a complete industry chain in a short period of time."
  
  Workaholic Ma Chunming listened to him briefly and was immediately able to estimate the approximate input in his mind.
  The program took on a huge risk and a huge capital cost, and the first few years, predictably, would see little to no revenue.
  
  All of the profits from all of their projects, big and small, all over the country, may all have to ride in to support this one place, and just like some software company using all of its business revenues to support a team of office software, in the end, it may very well prove that the thing that everyone is struggling to support just doesn't have a way out.
  
  Billions of dollars of investment, long payback periods, and financing costs that can run into the millions per day.
  It's possible to suck halfway through, or to get to the end and realize it's a dead end.
  
  Ma Chunming sat there in a daze for a while, and it was only after a long time that he found his voice and said, almost to himself, "Your guts are also too big ...... Why?"
  
  Ma Chunming knew that even if Wei Qian was crazy, he couldn't possibly use such a large sum of money just to fight with Wang Dongliang.
  More importantly, Wei Qian can not be in such a short period of time, a person to get out of such a detailed planning book, which a large number of provinces and cities involved in the research and macro and micro levels of depth of analysis, without a few years of work, it is simply impossible to complete.
  
  Just this one planning book, take out to sell, Ma Chunming can estimate the value of its inexpensive ...... problem is how many people dare to really do it?
  
  The A municipal government would be hard pressed to find someone else willing to do such a project for them, compared to their original tax collector Wang Dongliang, who is a pure hooligan who can only cause social instability - not to mention that he is also suspected of tax evasion.
  
  "Ten years ago, there was a man who said something to me - a man whom I have always admired, except for the fact that he was too dim to see the path beneath his feet in front of his wife, I felt that he had the kind of gaze that could penetrate the times." Wei Qian said slowly, "He told me at the time that the era of labor had already passed, and what we were about to usher in at that time was the decade of capital, with the spring of technology following close behind. Now that the decade has passed, he was right, and I'm betting that he'll be right about the next decade as well."
  
  Of course Ma Chunming could hear who this person was, and his eyes then lit up.
  
  Wei Qian's voice was a bit muffled, coughed a few times, and continued, "There will come a day when the era of building a house and then selling it will come to an end, and the possibility of a policy or market crash may be very small in our country's context, but the unequal development between regions will result in the gradual disappearance of high-quality plots of land, and the price will become very high accordingly. It is also possible that, as a result of a bubble in the economy, this excess financing channel we have now is choked off, and the high interest rates lead to further compression of profit margins, and the industry comes to the point of that kind of decay, and it will be too late to turn around ......"
  
  When Wei Qian said this, his throat became even more scratchy, and he couldn't help but cough again, his cold seemed to be a little worse than in the morning.
  
  As if to show concern, Ma Chunming casually said, "Ah, you have a cold? Drink more water."
  Then he ignored Wei Qian's already half-empty cup in a most ungrateful manner and eagerly moved his chair forward, urging him to say, "And then what?"
  
  He used both verbal language and body language to simultaneously express, I was just being polite and courteous, so you might as well mind your own business.
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  Suddenly he understood why the guy was dumped by his wife, it was true that the poor man would be hated.
  
  Wei Qian had to drag his somewhat heavy legs to stand up by himself, pouring a cup of hot water anew, and continued, "At that time, there will be countless small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the industry that will die in the long-term turmoil, and those that can survive for a long time in a healthy way, instead of lingering on, will have to have one in the middle of the two pillars-industry-based properties, the Or global unimpeded asset securitization."
  
  Ma Chunming heard this, and the whole man had and struck
------------

Reading in sections 71

Chicken blood popped up, "I know! Either become a hematopoietic stem cell yourself or become part of the flowing blood!"
  
  Wei Qian leaned against the wall as if he was satisfied with his quick response, nodded his head and said, "My general meaning is all here, the success of this matter depends on you, you can pick your own people from each of the project companies stationed in the foreign lands and form a temporary team dedicated to this matter."
  
  Ma Chunming slapped the table, "As long as this plan can convince the local municipal government, I will give you a practical operational program within two months."
  
  When he finished, he came to his essence like a large horse and monkey, as if he intended to dive in headfirst and never come out.
  
  At this time, Wei Qian, however, hesitated and suddenly opened his mouth to call out to him.
  "Old horse, play tactics this kind of thing, you will not, can not see past, are normal, there are plenty of people can do, even a few years old children will be in order to compete for favor to sneak, not to mention those in the business world for many years the size of the foxes. But those are just minor aids. There are people who have been skillfully juggling their means for a lifetime, and that's all they've gotten mixed up in, the real key to getting far is to have people like you."
  
  Ma Chunming froze for a moment, and then, his face suddenly flew red and he stood in place at a loss for words, "Wei, Wei Dong ......"
  He followed this very difficult to serve the man has been five or six years, Wei Qian gave him a job, an opportunity, and even a weight of dignity, Ma Chunming has always been grateful, but until this moment, he suddenly from the heart and gave birth to the idea that "the man who is a friend dies".
  
  Ma Chunming's eyes flew into a sour, almost hot tears, opened his mouth, but once again, his mouth is clumsy words.
  
  Wei Qian did not bother to see him grateful, waved his hand like a dog, quite a few resentment, said: ''Otherwise I can tolerate you this idiot for so long? Get lost, seeing you feels like an eyesore ...... Even the eyesight to pour a glass of water for the parents of clothing is not there, what's the use of having you? Watching monkeys?"
  
  Ma Chunming was joyfully maligned by him and walked out of his boss's office, just as Wei Zhiyuan returned.
  Wei Zhiyuan rushed to him politely nodded his head, with a chilly walk in, Ma Chunming thought, footsteps and turn back, decided to observe how the "eyesight" people do things, so much to learn a couple of tricks, easy to use in the future to tie the grass ring.
  
  He saw Wei Zhiyuan heave a sigh of relief and rub his hands together to warm them up before he walked in, took out the small pill for Wei Qian, watched Wei Qian take it, and then bent down and gently pressed his forehead against Wei Qian's for a bit.
  
  "A little feverish." He heard Wei Zhiyuan say softly, in a consultative tone, "Come home with me first, okay?"
  
  Ma Chunming gloating thought: this time the horse's ass will have to shoot to the horse's leg, the dead pervert has never been lightly wounded not on the line of fire, at most intensify the torment of the people under him, will not be in the middle of skipping work it.
  
  Who knew that Wei Qian just frowned for a moment, and surprisingly didn't say anything, allowing Wei Zhiyuan to remove his coat, drape it over him, and carry away his car keys and bag.
  Chunming Ma: "......"
  
  Two seconds later, he came back to his senses and hurriedly slipped down the stairs before Wei Qian realized it, hiding in the public toilet at the corner of the downstairs, sneakily poking his head out like a rice-stealing rat, watching Wei Qian being taken away by Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  "How did he manage to not get beaten or scolded?" Ma Chunming muttered, finally puzzled, "It's not scientific!"
  
  The next day, the cold front from the north attacked the whole city, Wei Qian as if the weather forecast, began his annual early winter routine coughing ...... his way to stop coughing is to smoke.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took advantage of his inattention, his home and office cigarettes rolled into a packet, shrunk into the cabinet, the key with him, only outside to give him a box of leftover, not to be announced: "hard to change habits is not good for the body, I will not force you to hard to quit, but from now on, the implementation of the rationing system, this is the amount of three days, you look at the distribution, early smoking finished early no. "
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He was silent for a moment, and asked in a single word, "You're stomping on your nose, aren't you?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him with a smile and nodded his lips in a rather suggestive manner, meaning: you have kissed and touched, do you intend to deny it? I certainly have the right to manage.
  
  Wei Qian took a deep breath and said patiently, "Stop it, why weren't you that hard to serve when you were a kid? Give me the key."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "I took you as a male god to look up to at that time, not to mention the smell of cigarettes, I love to smell the smell of you not bathing for ten days, it's different now, you'll be mine in the future, I want to let my people live for a few more years, what's wrong with that?"
  
  "Fart." Wei Qian stood up, intending to get his hands on him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hastily retreated to the corner and tugged at his collar with both hands, "Don't come over! Come over and I'll take off my clothes!"
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan bared his small tiger teeth and smiled, "My roommate is a black exposure freak, learned from him."
  
  "You went abroad for so many fucking years and learned to strip from foreign devils?" Wei Qian's veins popped, "Strip if you can!"
  
  Who knows Wei Zhiyuan actually really have the ability, said to do a hand pull his shirt out of the sweater, in a swift momentum ripped open a sliver of buttons, and pressed his hand on his belt: "Take off, you still want to see me take off my pants?"
  
  Just then, Song, who had accompanied Alex through the local attractions, pushed open the door.
  Seeing this, she once again transformed on the spot into a doorway with a horrified expression and remained frozen in a ridiculous position.
  
  Alex peeked out from behind her, eyes rolling, and mouthed, "Wow! Rape/rape! That's so violent, it's the first time I've seen it live!"
  He ornamental Qiantang River tide like tourists tone finally let Wei Qian annoyed, but at this time neither inconvenient in front of outsiders over to step on Wei Zhiyuan a meal, but also inconvenient to count the guests of Xiaobao face to face, had to turn around expressionlessly to go back to the house, slamming the door to the mountain sound.
  
  Wei Qian heaved himself onto the bed and thought to himself, "These two asshole debt collectors."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan tied his buttons unhurriedly outside and looked at the two of them, thoughtfully not bothering Song Xiaobao.
  
  Ever since that morning when she saw him sleeping in Wei Qian's room at night, Song Xiaobao has become invisible in the name of "taking fake foreign devils to tour famous local attractions".
  Wei Zhiyuan knew that she was still having trouble accepting it - in fact, anyone else would have trouble accepting it, right? She didn't sabotage it like SanFat did back then, which was already very facetious.
  
  A minute later, Song Xiao Bao silent into the door, look wooden behind Alex to bring their own door closed, and then she stood in the narrow doorway, not even change shoes, suddenly without warning "ow" a voice cry out.
  
  It was a real bawling cry that startled both Alex and Wei Zhiyuan, even Wei Qian, who had already gone back to the house, but Wei Qian hesitated but still didn't come out, just stood in the doorway, rattling the bedroom door open by a slit, and listened somewhat nervously to the movement outside.
  
  Alex, at a loss for words, patted her gently, "Leaving? What's this for? Hey ...... don't cry, your face is spent."
  
  Song Xiaobao turned a deaf ear, she cried to herself until she came up for air, and when she was too tired to do so, she slowly squatted against the shoe cupboard, grabbed the pant leg of Wei Zhiyuan who had walked up to her at some point, and choked on her sobs that she couldn't speak.
  
  For a while, her violent crying hiccups only slightly calmed down a little, Wei Zhiyuan heard her broken words, "I ...... I let my brother to you, you do not, do not be angry with him in the future."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan squatted down, reached out and pressed the top of her head, gently asking back, "When have I ever been angry with him?"
  
  "Also ...... also ah." Song Xiaobao sucked in the snot that was about to come out, then she couldn't help but feel sad again, "Then no one will love me in the future?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan laughed, "Nonsense."
  
  Song Xiaobao thought about it and also felt that she was worrying unnecessarily, but she didn't understand why, she still felt uncomfortable in her heart, since she was a child, the pains and kinks around her were always separated from her by something, and she had always ignored their existence, and now, it seemed that she finally grew into a late-maturing spiritual world just like a late-maturing body, and when she vaguely touched a little bit of it, she was immediately terrified as if she was at a loss for words.
  She then stopped talking and simply sat down painfully on the floor and cried, thinking, rightly so, as a detoxification and rejuvenation.
  
  The temperature soon turned sharply downward, Wei Qian's cold is simply like a good not good, whether it is to take medicine or Wei Zhiyuan's meticulous and careful care, that the virus seems to have made up its mind to stay in his body seventy-seven forty-nine days.
  Wei Qian was also quick to disregard it - because the A City side was going well, the suspicious people were soon scattered in birds and beasts, and Wang Dongliang's end was about to be stretched to the limit after being stabbed out of several cases that were criminal enough to be considered a crime, and everyone was feeling very joyous about it.
  
  And Ma Chunming's team also run with great efficiency, the planning book sent to the A municipal government end, the mayor personally invited to stay over there three fat to eat a meal, the attitude is very friendly, as if a night ago and three fat into a forgotten friend.
  
  That day there was a heavy snowfall, Wei Qian left from work, saw Ma Chunming still working overtime there, he reminded a careful road, and put up his collar to go back.
  
  The snow was getting heavier and heavier, the weather forecast had started an extreme weather warning, and towards ten o'clock in the evening, Wei Qian suddenly received a call from Ma Chunming.
  
  Non-official business Ma Chunming seldom bothered him, mainly the two of them didn't have much to talk about, this time, Ma Chunming with a crying voice on the other end said, "Boss, help."
  
  Wei Qian was startled and thought something had happened to the company.
  
  Ma Chunming's next words were, "I fell in the sewer."
  
  Wei Qian: "...... ah?"
  
  Ma Chunming really fell into the sewer. It's no joke.
  Wei Zhiyuan die not let Wei Qian go out, after the two fought a bit, Wei Zhiyuan used a cheap shot, locked him in the house, and drove himself out to save the ghost of the big monkey.
  
  By the time he found Ma Chunming, the guy had already been taken to the hospital by onlookers.
  Heavy snow buried the whole city, thick place can not over the neck of a person's feet, Ma Chunming is deep feet shallow feet in the roadside walking, inadvertently stepped into a lifted manhole cover.
  
  It was a good thing he was so lucky that he only fell in halfway through the violent flailing, breaking his leg and not just disappearing into the city sewer system.
  
  His bag fell down and couldn't be found, and he was penniless, so Wei Zhiyuan had to advance the hospitalization expenses for him.
  
  Ma Chunming face like death lying in the hospital bed, Wei Zhiyuan and he is not familiar with, did not ask much, had to go back first, and so on the next day during the day, Wei Qian just went to the hospital to see him, asked about the situation.
  
  "My car was sent for repair yesterday, I wanted to take the subway directly home." Ma Chunming said incoherently, "but she ...... is my ex-wife, called me and said ...... that she was sick, it's almost New Year's Day, I ...... "
  
  "You just went out in the snow and fell." Wei Qian said.
  
  Ma Chunming squeezed out a dying, melancholy smile.
  
  Wei Qian coughed heavily in his thick scarf, "The."
  
  Ma Chunming leaned back and lay down hard on the bed, murmuring, "I gave her all I could, and from now on, my love is dead."
  
  Wei Qian said without any sympathy, "You can just die along with the bitch."
  
  Ma Chunming picked up the pillow on the hospital bed and slammed it at his boss in a treacherous manner, relenting, "I can see that heartless and thin-skinned perverts like you are just like her, you were born to fail people!"
  
  Wei Qian caught the pillow he slammed over, and without having the time to clean up Ma Chunming who dared to commit the following offense, he first reflexively glanced at Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  As if waiting for his gaze, Wei Zhiyuan gave him a meaningful smile.
  
  After that day, they did not have further contact, Wei Zhiyuan would only occasionally make a few verbal jokes, has been regular, did not do anything to force him.
  
  And at that moment, Wei Qian suddenly saw that kind of expectant waiting in his eyes.
  
  

63. Chapter 63

  "Have I really ...... been failing you?" Wei Qian thought this in his heart.
  However, except for that night when Wei Zhiyuan had been made to feel angry by him, Wei Qian didn't remember that he had ever expressed any negative emotions at all.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pulled away the pillow that Wei Qian had caught, turned around and put it back on Ma Chunming's hospital bed, and said lightly, "My brother is not that kind of person."
  
  Ma Chunming and Wei Qian asked in unison, "How do you know?"
  
  Wei Qian regretted when he finished speaking and glared fiercely at Ma Chunming who was not sure why.
  Wei Zhiyuan laughed: "Thin-skinned and unsympathetic people with phase, not pleasing to the eye."
  
  Because Ma Chunming temperament is not slippery, eyes big leakage, he completely failed to observe Wei Qian listened to this sentence after the ears are red, is still very stupid and naive to ask Wei Zhiyuan: "Really?"
  When he finished speaking, he carefully recalled his wife's appearance, but he thought she was quite beautiful, and even though he was saddened by the thought, he did not see where she had an "unappealing" appearance.
  Ma Chunming asked Wei Zhiyuan very seriously, "Do you know how to read faces? Can you give me a look? Am I going to have bad luck with my wife in my life?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan, however, glimpsed Wei Qian s look, smiled more intensely, and sincerely lulled ...... no, comforted Dr. Ma, saying, "No, you just have late luck, and you were too hasty to manipulate before, so you met rotten peach blossoms, and the red luan star has not yet run to the main palace."
  
  "What?" Ma Chunming said incredulously, "I'm over thirty and running for four, and I'm still not in the main palace? The rotation speed of that whatever star is too slow."
  
  Wei Qian coolly interjected, "It's all because you drew the turtle."
  
  Ma Chunming heard this and straightened his back as if he were an enemy, and then with one of the only few times in his life that he was witty, he made one of the only few times that he was dependable in replying, "That makes sense, you love to draw turtles too, and you're still a bachelor."
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  He really wanted to kill Dr. Ma in a heartless manner, but before he could put it into practice, there was a new visitor in the ward - Faye and Ma Chunming's assistant came to see him on behalf of their colleagues.
------------

Reading in sections 72

The
  Ma Chunming's assistant is a just joined less than two years of the little girl, called her Mengmeng, big eyes with bangs, a smile two dimples, but also a small oddball, all day long with a broken laptop, with a small eunuch of the living record like, so that she did the minutes, even after the meeting a few people knocking each other's teeth farting words she can give a word for word shorthand down.
  The small meeting transcripts can be covered with the black history of company executives, big and small ......
  
  The two girls also brought gifts in big bags.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hurriedly went out to help them move in, put a large box of milk on the Ma Chunming bedside, above Luo fresh fruit and snacks, living like a hospital picnic.
  
  Meng Meng said nicely, "We picked high calcium for this milk, it's good for Mr. Ma's legs."
  Big Sister Faye went on to add, "Yes, and it also helps adults to wean as quickly as possible."
  
  Wei Qian knew that Meng Meng and their gang of new kids were a bit afraid of themselves, so he didn't stay long, turned around and greeted Wei Zhiyuan as he walked away, and the two of them left the hospitalization department, descended the stairs, and when they got to the threshold, Wei Qian naturally propped up Wei Zhiyuan's waist a bit, reminding him to pay attention to his footsteps in such an intimate way.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan braked violently and turned his head back incredulously.
  
  When Wei Qian was with him, he was always in a state of first-degree readiness, as if he was in his eyes, from a Transformer that could be casually picked up by the back of the neck and dropped into the mud without dying, to a forest sister who could end up depressed because of a single look or a single word.
  Every time Wei Zhiyuan touched Wei Qian, he felt that his brother was like a quasi-martyr sitting next to a mercury-pole bomb-all tense, but grandly holding back from fleeing.
  
  Wei Qian saw him turn around and asked as if nothing had happened, "What's wrong?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't want to waste a second, and as soon as he took his hand, he yanked him and ran into the parking lot, then shoved him into the car.
  
  Wei Qian was dragged and dragged by him, choking on a stomach of cool air, this is also even if, the key two people in front of the hospital all the way running wild appearance, is really very much like just escaped from psychiatry.
  
  He coughed a few times and questioned, a little out of breath, "Is there a place to pitch in the car?"
  Wei Zhiyuan said in the tone of having just won five million dollars and dreaming, "Did you ...... you just put your arm around me?"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He really didn't mean it that way, it's just that when a person's attention starts to be on another person and he's trying his best to express some tenderness in a roundabout way, he subconsciously makes those gestures.
  However, Wei Qian could hear the leaps and excitement in Wei Zhiyuan's voice, and of course he unspokenly understood why he was so excited.
  
  He thought back to himself, when he was as old as Wei Zhiyuan, could he be like him, to be so pampered for a certain person or a certain thing, and still be obsessed with it?
  Wei Qian felt he couldn't.
  
  So he let Wei Zhiyuan keep this small misunderstanding, no explanation, just moncler outlet store like a seat back slightly adjusted, squinted at the person next to him: "Why, embrace a little you still want to charge ah? The raisin buyer at the door still lets you try two of them."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stared at him with a gaze that burned like a high-temperature oven, "Eat whatever you want, eat as much as you want."
  
  Wei Qian always thought that he was not a decent person from the bottom of his heart, because things are gathered together, look at his side of this bunch of goods know, but he always can't resist Wei Zhiyuan, this set and set - if the molestation of a good woman also has a paragraph, this kid to the evil of the old overseas society of the drunkenness of a circle back, has obviously reached the degree of the nine paragraphs of the professional.
  
  Then, he felt that there was something wrong with the idea.
  
  "Is there a reason to molest his brother as a virtuous woman?" Wei Qian thought in disbelief, "Fuck, what kind of books have you read into the stomach of such a shameless thing after all your hard work?"
  
  Since Wei Zhiyuan kept harassing him with his naked/naked sight along the way, Wei Qian had to manually press his face to the other side every time he waited for a stoplight.
  It was not easy to drive back home in fear, Wei Qian said in a bad mood: "In the future, you will be like this, you will give me a roll to sit in the back, elementary school students know that in order to traffic safety does not disturb the driver ......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan said in aggravation, "But I didn't even say a word, so can't I just take a look?"
  
  Wei Qian was speechless for a moment, then sighed, raised his hand to rub Wei Zhiyuan's chin, and said in his gentlest voice, "Let me try first, okay?"
  
  After half a lifetime, he'd never tried to love someone before, and he didn't even know where to start or what priorities to follow.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan grabbed his hand, "If there are a hundred steps, with your words, the remaining ninety nine steps I will crawl over ...... brother, in fact, I am much more cheap than Dr. Ma."
  
  Wei Qian suddenly collected all his previous looks, his gaze sank, and he asked that same question again like he did many years ago, asking Xiao Yuan, who was only waist-high at the time, "Is brother treating you badly?"
  
  And after many years, the little boy who would only shake his head grew up and spoke.
  This time, Wei Zhiyuan rubbed his fingertips and whispered, "There is no second person in the world who will ever love me this much."
  
  Wei Qian had no joy or anger on his face, he just listened to the words and quietly asked him back, "Then I've been hurting you for so many years just to let you be a bitch?"
  
  After he finished speaking, he drew back his own hand, flexed his fingers, and heavily flicked Wei Zhiyuan's head, commenting on a muffled soft thud, "The watermelon is ripe for the taking."
  And then he unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze for a long time, before turning around the twists and turns in these words, and suddenly he couldn't help his nose from turning sour.
  
  Dinner got up quickly, Alex was going out of town for work, and Bo had agreed to go out to eat with him, but she pushed her way in just as the newscast started.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gave her a bowl of skin-egg thin meat porridge and casually asked, "Why did you leave your friend alone?"
  
  Xiao Bao grumbled, "Passed the entrance to the bar street, and before I could go in, I was hooked up with a foreign devil hanyou who spoke in an unintelligible way."
  
  Wei Qian on one side put down his teacup rather unexpectedly, "What? I saw the two of you getting quite close and thought he was a boyfriend you had."
  
  Xiao Bao jumped three feet in the air, "Protest! Brother, this is a great insult to my personality and intelligence!"
  
  "Come on, which of these two do you have?" Wei Qian first blankly glanced at her, then sighed in relief and muttered, "It's great if it's not, I would have thought that young man was dangling like he wasn't dependable."
  
  "Not only can not be relied on, he is simply ......" Song Xiaobao had not finished his words when the phone came.
  
  Alex asked over there, slightly tipsy, "Li'l, did I leave something in your bag?"
  
  He doesn't go out without a bag, he usually carries his money and cell phone in his pockets, and if there's anything else, he stuffs it into his little treasure bag.
  Song Xiao Bao went to reach his bag that he had thrown on the sofa while asking, "What is it?"
  
  Alex said incoherently, "Ah ...... that's something, anyway, show me."
  
  Wei Qian's attention had already shifted to the TV, when suddenly, a high-decibel scream rang out in his ears like thunder, and he heard Xiao Bao growl at the person on the other end of the phone, "Bitch, you shameless bastard, I'll fuck you up, you actually dare to put condoms and lubricants in my bag! lubricant in my bag!"
  
  Wei Qian choked on a mouthful of hot water without warning and began a round of heartbreaking coughing.
  
  Song Xiaobao then realized what she had screamed under her big brother's ear, and immediately felt that the whole person was two hundred and fifty percent, so he had to end this uncouth conversation hurriedly in a huff, "Buy another set for yourself, I'm not giving you a gift, how in the world did your agent put up with you, if it were up to me, I would have peeled and boiled you long ago."
  
  Before she hung up, Wei Qian also heard Alex's arrogant laughter from the phone, which was interspersed with the sentence, "I can change my career to work as an accountant for a cat food factory, and last time, the owner of that cat food factory even contacted me!"
  
  Song Xiaobao was so ashamed that she wanted to dispose of certain things under the eyes of her two older brothers, but Wei Zhiyuan had been staring at the side of the small box and bottle that had not had time to unpack out of sight, before she grabbed it and wanted to throw it to the trash can, Wei Zhiyuan, who was not at home in her mind, could not help but speak out, "Hey, that ...... "
  
  No sooner had the words left his mouth than he snapped back to his senses and instantly regretted it, his hand under the table spinning the stringed beads on his wrist so gyroscopically that it was almost a stump, guilty that lust/lust had defeated him so easily.
  
  What's even more embarrassing is that when Xiaobao heard it, she seemed to "understand" something, and after hesitating for a while, she slowly put the things she was going to throw back on the table, then she pursed her lips and carefully pushed it in front of Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  Song Xiaobao picked up the bowl of congee, maintaining a standing position, with Wu Sung's "three bowls but no post" posture, two mouths of lean congee down, not choked to death, she went to the kitchen against the wall, four feet flying rinsed the dishes, and then came back against the wall in small steps, did not dare to raise his head silently back to his own house.
  In a series of body language, she said, wordlessly at this point, "Make yourselves at home and pretend I don't exist."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan and Wei Qian were left staring at each other in disbelief, with these two small existential items on the table in the center, and on the TV, the title song of the weather forecast played leisurely ......
  
  After a while, Wei Qian darted his eyes away, pretending that he hadn't seen anything, and seriously studied the page of Sudoku and riddles in the evening paper, even as if he was suddenly interested in the incredibly retarded little game of deduction.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan went through a series of harsh thought struggles, and the beads that turned into propellers didn't stop his thoughts from racing all the way in the nasty direction, so he unknowingly and secretly put away the things on the table and put them in his pocket.
  
  Wei Qian was really sitting on pins and needles in the living room, and it didn't take him long to find an excuse and go back to his room.
  He sat down in front of the desk to open the computer, and then opened the browser with a serious face, hesitated for a moment, and finally, in the Baidu search bar, a serious search for "how to find gay sex / pornography" this kind of awkward and godly question.
  
  Afterwards, Wei Qian seemed to do market research, began to analyze a variety of complex information, but most of the online addresses searched for have long been blocked, obvious yellow sites or unknown download address he always felt that there will be a virus inside, not quite dare to casually go in.
  
  Originally did not know want to do something "bad" Wei Qian so, on this issue seriously with the major search engines for a night of energy.
  
  Who knew that before he could get any results, suddenly, his door was wrenched open from the outside.
  Wei Qian's hand shivered as he hurriedly attempted to close the search page, who knew that he didn't know what he had accidentally clicked into, and a strange sound immediately came out from the speakers, and his sweaty hairs exploded.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stood in the doorway, woodenly holding up the apple and fruit knife in his hand, "I just want to ask you to eat or not ......"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  Of course, what he felt most wronged was that there was clearly nothing on the screen, and that movement just now was the background sound when that lackluster website opened!
  
  Wei Zhiyuan poked at the door for a few seconds, pondering whether he should be a saint or a mortal, and in the blink of an eye, the "saintly villain" of the tug-of-war was beaten into a pile of dregs by the "mortal villain" - he decisively dropped the fruit knife and the apple. He decisively dropped the fruit knife and apple, sideways flash into Wei Qian's room, and back to lock the door.
  There was a "click" and the room seemed to collapse as if a string could break at any moment, the tension almost suffocating.
  
  But then, the choking strings loosened - Wei Zhiyuan glimpsed Wei Qian's screen full of search results and the stifled expression of a hundred mouths on that face, and he couldn't help it, laughing directly from the table to the bottom of the table, and was finally kicked out by Wei Qian: "Laughing my ass off ah laugh."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan leaned against the foot of his table and sat on the floor, rubbing the tears that came out of the corners of his eyes from laughing: "Brother, there are two G's in my mobile hard disk, and the password is the full spelling of your name, do you want it? All copied to you."
  
  This sentence is not a few words in total, but Wei Qian felt that he could find several reasons to clean up Wei Zhiyuan, but when these reasons are all piled together, it seems to produce a pitiful "negative-negative-positive" results, Wei Qian's mind can hardly restrain himself from surfacing a picture, Wei Zhiyuan sat alone in the house, knocking down his The full spelling of his name, and then ......
  
  "Brother."
  Just when he was still immersed in a mess, Wei Zhiyuan stopped laughing at some point, Wei Zhiyuan tentatively grabbed Wei Qian's ankle and easily jerked up the thin layer of pants leg and caressed Wei Qian's leg.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan met Wei Qian's gaze, he said softly, "I have to wait for me to get the movie to watch, do you want the live version now?"
  
  As he said that, he cupped Wei Qian's bare/naked foot and slowly rubbed it on the side of Wei Qian's foot, and suddenly lowered his head and pecked lightly on the back of his foot.
  
  Wei Qian retracted his feet as if electrocuted, "Xiao Yuan!"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan stood up obediently, bracing his hands on the handles of his chair and looking at him condescendingly, "Qian'er, do you want to try?"
  
  The gentle scent of bath soap came from him, and with a lift of his hand, he closed Wei Qian's computer, turned his desk lamp to its dimmest setting, and gently uncovered Wei Qian's collar, "If you don't want to, kick me away like you did just now, okay?"
  
  Wei Qian's face was obscure in the dim light.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's movements were extremely gentle, even though the corners of his forehead were already drenched in sweat from the cold winter months. He had already discovered that his brother was very resistant to excessive intimacy and skin-to-skin contact for some reason, "some reason" he didn't want to think about, but he could more or less guess.
  
  He didn't look like he was making Wei Qian feel uncomfortable, so he kept trying to suppress himself.
  His ten feet of soft red dust was in the palm of his hand, and all meditations of emptiness or clarity went up in smoke, and all he wanted was to drown himself in it.
  
  Wei Qian whispered his name, "Xiao Yuan."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan pulled him up like a man who had suddenly gone mad, while later wrapping his hands around his waist and wrestling himself onto the bed with him.
  
  The soft bed creaked with a hoarse whine.
  
  The floodgates that had been closed to him twenty years ago opened completely, and Wei Qian closed his eyes
------------

Reading in sections 73

eyes, as if they heard the sound of water gurgling through them like a river.
  He felt as if something in him was slowly passing through the maelstrom of lust/desire, and a new torrent flared once more in his dormant veins.
  
  Without Wei Zhiyuan ......
  He'd never learn to be as cynical as Alex in his life, or at least beat him to death for leaving his company behind and turning his back on his job as an accountant at a cat food factory.
  He also couldn't learn to simply do what he liked like Ma Chunming; he didn't even have a well-formed, articulable ideal.
  
  Material abundance will empty his spirit, and in a few years, Bo may become popular, or she may get married, and whichever way she goes, she will gradually leave him ......
  And there was no longer anyone who needed his sleepless back-breaking, workaholic desperation.
  
  That was supposed to be the end of him.
  
  "Fuck, it hurts!" Wei Qian couldn't help but curse out in a changed tone, "Can you fucking lighten up? Kill a pig!"
  ...... But not anymore, I'm afraid.
  


64. Chapter 64 

  "Shou Bou said that I've been poisoned and that I don't have much time left, and I think she's right.
  I feel so much pain, I don't want to die, and I don't know how to tell my brother.
  I put two dollars and fifty cents under my pillow, and my teacher said that what the dead leave behind is called an inheritance, so I have two dollars and fifty cents. I wanted to buy a bottle of drink to drink, I haven't had a glass bottle of soda, then didn't buy, I thought, better leave it to my brother, you don't forget to take it away.
  I still kind of want to drink it though.
  When I die, can you not throw me away? My teacher said the dead should be buried underground. Can you bury me in front of the house?
  My life is short (pronounced zan, meaning short), but it is meaningful. I don't know what significance there is. My teacher always said that one's life should have 'significance', so I have it too.
  My favorite person is my brother and my second favorite person is Bo, no more.
  It makes sense, but still, I don't want to die."
  
  Wei Qian woke up at four in the morning. He didn't know what kind of dream he had, maybe he dreamed about the past, and as soon as he opened his eyes, he remembered the suicide note that Wei Zhiyuan had written when he was a child.
  I don't know if it was because I saw the other suicide note.
  
  This story begins with Ma Chunming falling into the sewer in the middle of the night and calling for help.
  
  At that time, Xiao Bao was also not at home, Wei Qian wanted to go out to see, but he coughed badly that day, Wei Zhiyuan rigidly refused to let him go out.
  Usually in this kind of situation, Wei Qian did not argue with people, he would show his usual style of being the boss - with practical actions to show that, here I am in charge, you have objections? Oh, sorry, just listen to it as a fart.
  
  So Wei Zhiyuan realized that reasoning was ineffective and had to mess around. In the moment Wei Qian went out, Wei Zhiyuan leaped out and blocked the door with his back, and then with swift and unparalleled movements and professional skills, he grabbed the tie hanging on the coat rack at the doorway, and with a pull and a tug and a net and a pocket, he tied Wei Qian's two hands to the hooks of the coat rack in three times.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan hit is not a high-tech dead knot, a solution to open, wins in the hands and feet enough numb, fast enough action, while Wei Qian was tied by him so few seconds of work, he back to his hand to pull out the keys to Wei Qian's car, the door is unlocked, and flew away.
  
  Wei Qian, this person, his usual style of dealing at home and outside, was like a split personality, when he encountered this situation outside, his first reaction would always be to unbutton, but at home, his first reaction would always be to lose his temper and curse first.
  Wei Qian with no patience with a pull, directly tied his tie buckle to hard yank open, the coat rack followed by a "snap" fell down, hanging things fell all over the ground.
  
  "Fuck me." Wei Qian looked down and watched for a few seconds, deciding to fling his hands and throw them, not caring about cleaning up.
  
  But just as he was about to step over the inverted coat rack, he saw Wei Zhiyuan's bag hanging from it fall open, and two notebooks rolled out of it, one still spread out.
  
  Wei Qian hesitated for a moment, worried that there are electronic devices and other things in his bag, for fear of being crushed, so he condescended to bend down and pulled out the bag that Wei Zhiyuan usually carries with him, at which time he realized that Wei Zhiyuan's bag was unusually un-technical, and it didn't even have a pair of headphones inside, so it was just plugged into a few pens, and the rest was the softcover book.
  
  Rolled on the floor spread out on the book, written with a variety of other people can not understand the code and notes, Chinese and English mixed, Wei Qian turned over two pages with interest, although he did not understand, but think it is quite powerful, and then he patted the ash that fell on it, and put it aside.
  He thought the other one is the same, picked up and gently shook a little, who knows that thing also do not know which century of the old antique, almost let him shake a moment to the scattered, inside the clip a bunch of messy things, and fell out of the paper page, all the snow like rustling down.
  
  Wei Qian "tsk", carry a little pants leg, squat down to pick up one by one.
  
  There were clippings from academic journals, some of which were unidentified essays written by Wei Zhiyuan himself, and finally, Wei Qian saw a napkin interspersed with them, appearing crumpled and written all over.
  The handwriting was some kind of rust like dark red and yellow color, Wei Qian got a closer look in front of his eyes, and his heart snapped, realizing that it was actually dried blood.
  
  It was a suicide note in the truest sense of the word, and judging by the date of the inscription, it was the year following the year in which he had left home and gone abroad.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan grew from eight years old to more than twenty years old, from the fuss like refused to go to school little monkey into now people five people six high knowledge of the returnees, write a suicide note style but almost unchanged, are trilogy.
  
  He first explained what happened to him - it was a wilderness hiking in distress, supplies fell almost out, and lost contact with the outside world, is with a few unlucky companions in the extremely harsh environment to try to find ways to save themselves, he wrote this suicide note, just in case the death of no one to bury.
  The second part gives an account of the estate - what happened to his accounts, technology shares, etc.
  In the end, it still sums up his own life.
  
  However, this time, Wei Zhiyuan did not act like a child, even do not know the meaning of the word "meaning" two words, and then boldly said that his life is short and meaningful, Wei Qian saw him with some kind of very fine things to guide the direction of the bloodstains, unlike the above two parts, his writing language changed to Chinese.
  
  "My life to death has been one upside down and sharp obsession after another, and in retrospect, nothing more. I understand Bear's words."
  "It's just that if it ends abruptly here, it would still be a great shame not to see you one last time. "
  
  Underneath was a string of Wei Qian's name, the fragile paper scratched several times and smeared with blood.
  Wei Qian carefully reached out and touched the surface of the old paper, to that coarse frizzy touch, seems to be still mixed with some kind of time and space at the end of the blood like red thoughts and pain.
  How did his baby brother, starving and near-desperate, write his name in blood on a napkin?
  
  Those lines of bloody words seemed like a wedge, relentlessly driving into Wei Qian's heart, leaving a string of never-ending marks.
  
  Later, despite the immorality, Wei Qian couldn't help but sit down and turn over Wei Zhiyuan's book that was filled with all sorts of things to look at, he found out that it turned out to be a diary that Wei Zhiyuan bought at the airport when he left the country, and he didn't write every day, and sometimes there might be a ten day and a half month gap in between, yet after such a long time had passed, there were still only a few pages left in the book at the end.
  And the last one was written when he returned home and bumped into Wei Qian and then diverted to see Xiao Bao.
  
  All the struggle and redemption, the extreme toughness and extreme vulnerability, all melted into the words.
  Because of this, Wei Qian picked up the coat rack and restored it to its original state, and when Wei Zhiyuan was ready to go home from being smacked, he acted as if nothing had happened and didn't mention a word about someone who had dared to tie him up after committing a crime below the belt.
  
  In the wee hours of winter, the sky had no intention of breaking, even the wind had stopped at some point, and it was quiet all around.
  Wei Qian could only hear Wei Zhiyuan's steady breathing in his ears.
  
  Wei Qian wanted to move, but Wei Zhiyuan was tightly grasping him from hand to foot, the posture was almost like an old Gramps lying on a gold coin, rigidly restricting him to a small space, making it a bit difficult for him.
  
  Wei Qian did not want to wake him up, tried to small slightly struggled a little, I did not expect to attract the sleeping Wei Zhiyuan unconscious rebound, steak in his body's hands embrace even tighter, Wei Qian strangled almost can not breathe.
  
  This brat speaks better than he sings, and is on the verge of packaging himself as a bitter lover with no regrets, Wei Qian almost believed it.
  This one unconscious action while asleep completely betrayed Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  "Little brat." In the end, Wei Qian had to pull out a hand and painstakingly peeled him off of himself.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was finally startled by him and asked in a daze, "Huh? Brother?"
  Wei Qian touched his head, "It's fine, sleep on yours."
  
  After saying that, he climbed up, went to the toilet once, and then walked alone to the big balcony that was connected to the living room. The big balcony was originally messy, there was just a place to sit, the rest was piled up with miscellaneous things, and then it was transformed into a small study by Wei Zhiyuan, who bought a soft small sofa and a small coffee table made of rattan, and laid a clean carpet underneath, so that people could sit on the ground if they wanted to, and on one side on each side there were tall bookshelves, and on the other side there were oil paintings hung, and so many tiny storage compartments were put in place.
  
  There are cigarettes and lighters under the coffee table, Wei Qian touched one, just wanted to light it, I don't know what I remembered, hesitated, and put it back.
  
  Ice flowers caked the window panes, and even the searchlights of the occasional passing car couldn't hit such a high floor.
  Wei Qian stretched his legs, sitting on the small sofa, looking at the dense unknown window for a while, did not light the cigarette in his fingertips week after week like a turn around, and occasionally get under the nose to smell the flavor, but also counted as a dry addiction.
  
  His eyes seemed to be covered with a layer of clear glass, his eyes calmly penetrated out, peaceful as a flat lake and autumn moon without a trace.
  The silhouette of that display against the darkness was almost graceful.
  
  Wei Qian will rarely have this kind of time to do nothing to daze, no one can see what he is thinking, it is like he has become a realistic and handsome statue, waiting for the rising sun.
  
  "What can I give him?" In the dead of night, such a thought suddenly flashed through Wei Qian's mind.
  
  A suicide note is good to write, because at the end of the day, people realize that there are really only a few things at best to write about - where they came from, where they stopped; what's left, what they still wish for ...... and the trajectory of this life, the trajectory of most people, can actually be carried through in just one sentence The whole time.
  
  Life and death are nothing more than that.
  
  "If I realize that my days are numbered as well, what can I leave for him?" Wei Qian thought like this, he felt very tired in his body, and the muscles in his waist were still vaguely aching with embarrassment, but he had no desire to sleep, and even wanted to sit here until dawn. It was like there was a river in his heart that had been congested for many years that had suddenly been flushed open, and he wanted to follow the thin streams and see where they would eventually flow to.
  
  But in the end, Wei Qian didn't get what he wanted because it didn't take long for Wei Zhiyuan to find it.
  
  The young man rubbed his eyes, bent down and stretched out his hands from behind the sofa, intersecting them on Wei Qian's chest, resting his chin on his shoulder, rubbing it with infinite fondness, and asked with a yawn, "Why are you up? Not feeling well?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Couldn't sleep, got up and turned around."
  Wei Zhiyuan's eyelids were about to close, he blinked hard and took Wei Qian's hand, "My hands are cold, it's almost dawn, go back and lie down for a little while longer, okay?"
  
  Wei Qian was pinched off the thoughts can not be connected, along with his hand stood up, Wei Zhiyuan immediately not to be putty on him, pampered as if to say, "Brother, tomorrow do not go to work, okay?"
  
  Wei Qian gave him a blank look, "Where can you get money if you don't work? Sell your body? Selling your body is a physical labor, I can't do it in the long run."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan "hehehe" laughed, he always felt unreal, like a dream of happiness came too fast.
  He even began to fear the dawn, lest it be another illusion he had made up to amuse himself.
  
  The next day after the morning meeting was adjourned, Wei Qian said to Wei Zhiyuan without any warning, "I'll let the people from the administration book you a flight, the investment money can be put in place recently, so you'll make a run for it, and you'll need someone to butt heads."
  
  Just got the hand to be driven away, Wei Zhiyuan simply want to suspect that he is intentional, however, after all, the main thing is the main thing, not to mention that it is not for him to invest in a person, Wei Zhiyuan again have no intention to work, but also can only be quite dissatisfied with the heart to complain about a few words, go back to pack up their own luggage.
  
  The first night before Wei Zhiyuan left, first Sanfan came.
  Three fat face grimly brought a message to: "Wang Dongliang all the assets are frozen, the relevant personnel are controlled, but there are always fish in the net - his brother-in-law who is particularly capable of causing trouble is missing, and now he is secretly wanted, and we suspect that he may come over to find you to retaliate. "
  
  Wei Qian threw a piece of smoking cessation chewing gum in his mouth, full of concern, "Come on, a warm welcome. "
  
  Three Fatty looked at Quit Gum in shock: "You quit smoking? Taking the wrong medicine?"
  Wei Qian waved his hand, "The body is the capital of the revolution, you're a thug whose state of mind can't reach it, so stop talking nonsense and get lost."
  
  As soon as this end was finished, Wei Zhiyuan pulled open the door with a smile on his face and said to Sanfat, "Third Brother, I'll see you off."
  Triple Fat: "......"
  That son of a bitch is pretty good at pointing and clicking.
  
  San Fatty thought that Wei Zhiyuan had forced Wei Qian to quit smoking, so when he was leaving, he glanced at the young man at the door with some surprise, and thought to himself, "Can this kid really have that much influence on Wei Qian?
  Three Fatty couldn't tell if this was a good thing or a bad thing, just a weirdly subtle mood, and left in a depressed manner.
  
  I don't know if it's just Sanfat crowing, but anyway, not long after he left, Wei Qian received a phone call.
  The other party asked in some kind of coy voice, "Hello, are you ...... your name Wei Qian?"
  
  Wei Qian first began to think that it was a sales pitch for something, before forcibly hanging up could not help but stab the person: "Residents personal information this is your discounted price to buy, right, even who is it can not see, on the quality of your business, you can sell some stuff to go?"
  He finished and was about to hang up when the other
------------

Reading in sections 74

But suddenly yelled, "Don't, don't hang up!"
  
  The man on the phone seemed to be over-excited, his breathing was obviously ragged as he suddenly asked, "Wei what? What's your mom's name Wei?"
  
  This bizarre question caused Wei Qian to be stunned for a moment, and then, he immediately reacted to who that person was and hung up the phone without hesitation.
  After a while, a text message was sent from the number of the party, "I know you don't want to recognize me, but after all, you have my blood flowing, so at least see me, okay?"
  
  A time and address is attached below.
  Wei Qian stared at the text message for a while, and then he thought about it before replying, "Okay."
  
  Back to the end, he immediately made the decision to the police acquaintance called, the time and place to meet the way and contact number all provided, at the end, Wei Qian lack of virtue with smoke added: "I estimate that this group of people must be a gang, the members are estimated to all have a record or a previous record. You must pay attention to see when you arrest people, the best one net, one are not left."
  
  The acquaintance promised, "No problem, these people who have previous offenses and re-offend are the most detestable, and must be dealt with severely when caught."
  Wei Qian sneered, "It couldn't be better."
  
  Because of this, Wei Zhiyuan first refused to leave, and in the end it was Wei Qian who unceremoniously threw him and his luggage together at the airport and drove off in his car.
  I didn't realize that just as soon as I left, something happened.
  
  The police had sufficient clues, it was the end of the year when they needed to summarize and evaluate their work, and everyone was more enthusiastic about their work, so they caught all the people without much effort.
  Even that do not know whether it is true or not "Ji Xuewen", including a total of seven or eight caught, the police put them a pot to end, in the scene found ether, rope stick and many control knives, do not need to see know that this gang of grandsons intend to do.
  
  Three Fatty went to the bureau to take a look, called Wei Qian and said, "I saw that Ji Xuewen, a balding old man, still there, relentlessly saying he wants to see you, I scanned with my X-ray eyes and thought it was impossible for the two of you to be related by blood."
  
  Wei Qian was on his way to meet a partner and took the elevator downstairs with Xiao Fei: "Nonsense."
  
  Three Fatty: "But aren't you really coming to check it out? In case it's really ......"
  Wei Qian said coldly, "So what if it's true or false? Blood counts for nothing."
  
  "Hey, come on, count a fart count a fart." Three Fatty choked back a sentence, Wei Qian's most impersonal place is that he has no curiosity about things that normal people would be curious about.
  But there's nothing wrong with .......
  
  "It's just that there's still something I don't feel good about." Three Fatty said, "I looked at the gang that was caught, and it seems that there is no Wang Dongliang's brother-in-law."
  Wei Qian raised his eyebrows, "What did you say that person looked like?"
  
  As he was talking, the elevator doors opened midway and a short man with a flat head walked in, he didn't look like someone who worked in this office building, either in his temperament or in his eyes, he wasn't badly dressed, and it was probably because of that that the security guard let him in.
  
  Wei Qian couldn't help but look at him one more time, just then, three fat said, "a not tall, quite black, flat head, a little slanting eyes ...... and so I will send you the photo in a while, you ......"
  
  Wei Qian's pupils contracted violently, in a flash of lightning, he grabbed Xiao Fei's narrow shoulders and violently brought her back, Xiao Fei was looking through the materials with the meeting, her feet were still wearing twelve centimeters of fine heels, she was caught unawares and only had time to let out a small scream, and was almost caught by Wei Qian's feet off the ground and threw her backward, "crunching" a moment, she hard twisted a heel and held onto the elevator wall in a panic. Hardly twisted off a heel, panicked to hold the elevator wall.
  The bright elevator room reflected the blinding light of the knife, and she saw that the flat-headed man fished out a snowy dagger from somewhere and stabbed at Wei Qian.
  
  "Ah!"
  
  

65. Chapter 65

  It was Faye's scream as she saw her boss grab the blade with his hand without hesitation, her heart jumping out of her throat.
  Xiaofei held the wall with one hand, covered her mouth with one hand, and watched in disbelief as the blood on Wei Qian's hand flowed down the groove of the dagger and the back of his hand, and then he lifted his knee and pushed it against the small man's stomach, and Xiaofei heard a muffled thud, and almost imagined that it hurt a lot, and the man let out a short "ah," and his saliva spewed out, and unconsciously bent over, and was immediately followed by an elbow that knocked him hard on the back of his neck. The man gave a short "ah", spit out, unconsciously stooped, and was followed by a hard elbow to the back of his neck.
  The little man staggered a step on the spot, got down, and, like a dying fish, rolled his eyes halfway across the room, twitching in small circles on the floor.
  
  It was only then that Faye felt a slight pain in her twisted ankle.
  
  The elevator door opened, and a security guard who was making his rounds in the underground garage, intending to go upstairs, was instantly shocked by the bloody scene and took two steps back.
  
  "Call the police." Wei Qian picked up the knife on the ground with that good hand, clamped the phone in his shoulder socket, and said to Three Fatty, who hadn't had time to hang up yet, "I'm in the parking garage downstairs from us."
  The suit he was wearing was too slim for such a strenuous exercise, Wei Qian felt it when he threw Xiao Fei out, and sure enough, when he looked down, his coat gave a rip.
  He simply took off his torn jacket and wrapped it around his bleeding hand.
  
  Three Fatty yelled at the top of his lungs, "You're fucking scaring daddy! What's going on?"
  
  "Tsk," Wei Qian said, "Otherwise we should invest in a clothing factory too, shabby clothes, selling so expensive and so unsturdy."
  Fatty: "Fuck off! Fuck, stay there!"
  
  After saying that, three fat "bam" hung up the phone, there is a busy sound.
  
  Xiao Fei hastily and messily fumbled out a pack of paper towels from the bag, limped over, face pale and wiped Wei Qian's bleeding hand, looking at the hideous wounds on his hand, Xiao Fei felt that he was about to start fainting for blood: ''This this is not good, we have to go to the hospital. Wei Dong you just scared me to death you know? He is still holding a knife, you, you have too much guts, you are not afraid of him ......"
  
  "I'm afraid of him?" Wei Qian gently raised his eyebrows, reached out his foot and stomped on the back of the one sprawled on the ground, and said in a mixed manner, "When I was working as a fighter for someone and was born to die, ya still wore crotchless pants."
  
  "What a time to be teasing!" Xiao Fei didn't believe his line at all and fearfully pulled Wei Qian out of the elevator, "Aigoo this man is too dangerous, you should stay away from him! Security guard, can you think of a way to tie this man up first? This is a psychopath who stabbed someone with a knife."
  
  The security guard immediately called a large group of people down through the intercom, and several people grabbed Wang Dongliang's brother-in-law and surrounded him with seven hands and eight feet.
  
  "I'm not teasing you." Wei Qian wiped his hands while saying to Xiao Fei, "When I was a kid, my family was poor, I couldn't afford to go to school, in order to make money I ran alone to an underground black boxing ring over in Guangdong, and gave people /black boxing, and it turned out that that wasn't a black boxing ring at all, it was a test base for a new type of drug, and I ended up escaping with nine deaths in a row."
  
  Xiao Fei expressionless stared at him for a while, flat plate board said: "Oh, in fact, when I was a child, my family is also poor, can not afford to go to school, in order to make money, I became a spy for alien agents, specializing in catching kittens and puppies to give them for research, and then that agent was bitten by a puppy that did not have a vaccination, and finally got rabies to die, so that I can be considered to be rid of the two-faced life. "
  
  Wei Qian cooperated and laughed, at the same time, his heart surged with an indescribable taste, it was only a decade of light, that time personally experienced things, now say it, even no one believes.
  Are life's encounters really that up and down?
  Or has he spent the first half of his short life rushing through other people's lives?
  
  Wei Qian then stopped mentioning it and just asked rather gentlemanly, "By the way, my hand was a bit heavy just now, is your foot alright? Didn't break it, did you?"
  As soon as she said this, Xiao Fei was inexplicably happy, she extremely quickly broke out of the state of fear and trepidation of the party, and asked with a joyful smile, "Wei Dong, did you pick me up with one hand?"
  
  Wei Qian raised his eyebrows and gave a reserved fake smile, straightening his shirt lapels and waiting for her to praise his bravery.
  As a result, I didn't realize that Faye just held her face and said prettily, "Great, it looks like I'm not fat at all, so I don't need to lose weight!"
  
  Three minutes later, Xiao Fei called two people from upstairs, one drove Wei Qian to the hospital, and the other stayed with her to wait for the police to deal with the matter.
  
  Outside the fog floating in the sky, visibility is very low, the driver looked at his hands have been bleeding anxious, several times to grab merge the road, driving dangerously.
  Wei Qian: "It didn't hurt the large blood vessels, the blood is almost stopping by itself, and it's not a miscarriage, what's your hurry?"
  
  The driver looked at him warily.
  
  Wei Qian frowned and leaned on the seat backrest, "Drive ...... slowly so foggy, and I don't know if I can take off on time."
  
  The answer is no.
  The airport stranded a large number of people, a sea of people, crowded with the Spring Festival train station like, Wei Zhiyuan easily in a cafe to find a seat, read a book to stay up time. I did not expect a book to finish, still did not get a little reliable flight information, he had to take out the computer to the Internet.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan has nothing to do, aimlessly wandering a few websites, suddenly, a local news jumped out, he just wanted to close as usual, a hasty glance scanning over, but felt that the news below the picture is a bit familiar.
  
  Upon further inspection, it was the underground parking lot of his brother's and their company.
  The title of the news is "Man held at bay after knife attack in office building".
  
  Wei Zhiyuan immediately dialed the landline phone of Wei Qian's company, no one answered, and was transferred to the front desk by the intercom.
  Just listened to the ins and outs of two sentences, Wei Zhiyuan cold sweat came down, and dialed Wei Qian's cell phone.
  
  Wei Qian is in the hospital, one hand is inconvenient, it took a long time to turn the phone out, "Yo, you haven't taken off yet?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Where are you?"
  "I ...... uh," Wei Qian said vaguely after a pause, "I'm outside, something ......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan interrupted him impatiently, "Where's the injury?"
  Wei Qian froze, "You're quite well-informed."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan got impatient with him on the spot, "Don't bullshit me! Where exactly did you get hurt?"
  Wei Dong has never been yelled at like this, lagged for a while, before coming back to his senses: "What are you yelling about? I'm not dead yet - just a small cut on the hand, early all right."
  
  The cafe was crowded and heated, many people were hot and took off their outerwear, but Wei Zhiyuan felt his hands so cold that they went numb, he closed his eyes and calmed down for a moment, forcing his voice to slow down and lowering his pitch by an octave, "I'll go change my visa."
  
  "Are you full?" Wei Qian's tone seemed a bit lazy, "I won't reimburse you for the taxi money."
  
  "I'll go back even if I have to fight rockets, I can't feel comfortable not seeing you."
  
  "Alas ...... OK, you wait." Wei Qian helplessly called him, Wei Zhiyuan heard him sigh, and then there came a "click" sound.
  After a while, the phone prompted him to receive a MMS, Wei Zhiyuan opened it and saw that it was a photo sent by Wei Qian, the area around the wound had been cleaned up, a doctor in a white coat avoided the camera and was treating him with his head down, wiping the blood clean, it looked like although it was still torn up skin and flesh it really wasn't much more serious.
  
  "Have you finished taking a look?" Wei Qian said, "Finish looking at it and wait there honestly, don't go back and forth."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's brow furrowed as he suddenly felt strange as hell.
  
  For one thing, he had never seen Wei Qian use his cell phone to take pictures, Wei Qian didn't have the habit of playing with his cell phone, either to make a call or send a text message, other than that there was no third function. A person who never uses it, when it matters, can the first time think of this thing can also take pictures?
  And just to stop him from changing his ticket?
  
  Indeed, the matter of investment money does need Wei Zhiyuan docking, but it is not a hundred thousand fire, he early half a month late half a month past no difference at all.
  Even if nothing happens on Wei Qian's side, and his flight is delayed due to fog, he calls back and says, "Brother, I may not be able to go today, so what do you think about changing to a better day", will Wei Qian not let him go back?
  
  That's impossible, Wei Zhiyuan thought, with his brother's temperament, maybe he would even be uneasy because of the bad weather and personally drive over to pick him up.
  
  Everything is afraid of pondering, so pondering, Wei Zhiyuan more nervous, Wei Qian obviously in the branch him outward, that ...... what happened on his side in the end?
  Wei Zhiyuan never knew that his imagination could be so rich, and in the short period of time between running out of the airport and getting into the cab, all sorts of worst-case scenarios had already gone round and round in his head.
  
  He felt his heart rate about to shoot up to a hundred and eighty.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan first cut, rushed to the hospital in a hurry, pounced, he immediately took a taxi to turn around and go home, until the door, saw the person lying on the sofa, he this breath only counted down.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan leaned against the door of his house, feeling his legs soften into noodles, he calmed down for a while before slowly walking over.
  
  The TV was on, playing a pretty boring variety show, and Wei Qian was already lying on the couch asleep. One of his hands was resting on the small of his back, and one of his hands was injured, tied with a clean bandage and spread out to the side.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan did not disturb him, bent down to take a close look at Wei Qian's injured hand, and to make sure that his face is okay, there are no more wounds on his body, which completely put down his heart, and muttered in his heart: bastard thing, God is hiding what? Soul all let you scared off.
  
  Just then, the cell phone Wei Qian threw on the table in the foyer rang, Wei Zhiyuan walked over and picked it up, it was Xiao Fei, he looked back at Wei Qian who was sleeping soundly, picked up the phone and pushed the door and walked to the other room, "Sister Xiao Fei, it's me."
  
  Xiao Fei paused, "Hey, Xiao Yuan? You didn't leave? Where's your brother?"
  "I saw the news at the airport and was uneasy, so I came back anyway - he's asleep, what's the emergency?"
  
  "Great," Fei said, "Can I trouble you to come over? There is a project company has an urgent matter, need him to sign immediately, the people there also have to take the train at night to rush back, originally I should send over, but today in the elevator let your brother broke a heel, afternoon just borrowed a pair of shoes with someone, not quite fit, can you ......"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan balked, put his luggage back in his room, picked up Wei Qian's car keys and left.
  He's been quiet from start to finish, Weiqian
------------

Reading in sections 75

There's no point in noticing.
  
  It wasn't until Wei Zhiyuan had been gone for a good half day that Wei Qian was awakened by the knocking on the door by Sanfat, an uninvited guest.
  
  Three Fatty: "I've come to sympathize with my comrade who broke his claw, how is it, does it hurt?"
  Wei Qian was sleeping soundly was woken up, the heart is not happy, said in a bad mood: "The kitchen has a kitchen knife, you chop a knife to feel yourself - this is not nonsense?"
  
  Three Fatty sat his butt on his sofa, "Come on, your old man can be heroic, I heard that Xiao Fei is about to blow you all to Ximen Blowing Snow. Going back is enough for you to enjoy the adoring eyes of the little girls for two months."
  
  Three fat said, pulled over Wei Qian's arm, looked at his hand wrapped into dumplings: "into a one-armed warrior - hey you say how so inch? Xiao Yuan rushed this time to go, this juncture in the family also has no one to take care of, said you should marry a wife, so that other people dead heart you also early stabilization, now ...... alas! Forget it, say more I heart more difficult - right, sister?"
  
  "Yesterday her agent called for her and told her to go back and read the script." Wei Qian said.
  "Huh? Gone too?" Three Fatty scratched his head, "Warrior Yang, what kind of luck do you think you're having? Why don't I stay here for a few days?"
  
  "No need." Wei Qian hesitated and suddenly said, "Isn't Ma Chunming able to bounce around? I might have to take a small long vacation in the next two days, so if there's anything going on in the company, you can discuss more with him."
  
  Three Fatty: "Wait, that doesn't sound right to me, what are you going to do?"
  "It's nothing, there's a minor surgery and I'm going to be hospitalized for a few days."
  
  Three Fatty froze, "Surgery? What surgery?"
  "Just ...... nothing, extra small."
  
  Triple Fat: "Chronic appendicitis?"
  Wei Qian: "Uh-huh."
  
  "What 'hmm' are you 'hmming' about, who are you fooling?" Three Fatty furrowed his brows and sized up Wei Qian with infinite skepticism, "You give me the words clearly, no door if you don't."
  "There is a small tumor on the lungs, the hospital side I have made an appointment more than half a month in advance, and in two days I will go to the hospital to do it." Wei Qian a look at the expression of the three fat to see the ghost, hastened to add, "really nothing, the problem is not big, benign, cut the good."
  
  Three fat heart of the fire "Teng" on the up, questioned him: "I ...... I his grandmother's ...... Wei Qian you a ...... What the fuck is going on?"
  
  "This fall that is not the company physical examination it, the film taken at that time said that there is a shadow on the lungs, and did a ppd, said it is not tuberculosis, anti-inflammatory drugs can not go down, and is not inflammation ...... "Wei Qian looked at the three fat face more and more difficult to see, and immediately turn the tone of the conversation, and added, "but bronchoscopy and sputum are not found in the signs of cancer, mostly benign, I say you do not die with the same as your own father, okay?"
  
  "More than half?!" San Fatty's vocal range was suddenly expanded to a high frequency that was difficult for humans to reach, yelling at Wei Qian's ears at the top of his voice, "Kiss my father! You'd better go die a death for me, do you speak human language, Surname Wei? What do you mean by 'more than half'?"
  Wei Qian rubbed his ears, "I knew you people ......"
  
  Three fat: "Day you three uncle old man, this thing you can also wilt in the heart to hold back not to say, you fucking turtle spirit change it?"
  
  Wei Qian had to say in a voice even louder than his, "Mr. Spittoon, could you please calm down?"
  
  "I am not calm, my balls hurt." Three fat in the house walked around twice, expression hideous to Wei Qian in front, "not, brother, brother from childhood is a goat, the courage is not as big as the needle point, that doctor in the end how to say, reliable? You don't 'more than half' well, give me a quasi-idea, in the end is not benign?"
  Wei Qian leaned on the back of the sofa: "really nothing, the doctor also means that the problem is not big, but his words can not say dead you understand, or really in case the diagnosis is benign, open the chest to see the situation has spread, his responsibility will have to bear a big ......"
  
  Three Fatty jumped three feet high: "I'll smoke you to death! Expand Diffusion ...... What the fuck are you talking about?"
  Wei Qian waved his hand, "Blah blah blah, I don't mean that, I mean ......"
  
  "Just shut the fuck up!" Three Fatty sat down on his butt and viciously gouged him out, half a day before he poured on the air, his voice slightly weaker, "I know - I said how did you idiot quit smoking recently, I thought you'd gone from being a good guy, and dared to wait for me here. If it is not immediately to leave the company for a period of time, you are not not going to tell others?"
  
  "Look at your jumping up and down demeanor, who do I tell?" Wei Qian put his foot on the coffee table, "This is it, don't publicize it around for me if you have nothing to do, especially ......"
  "Especially the little faraway one." Triple Fatty picked up on it.
  
  "Well, there's Bo, after the surgery, keep it under wraps for now."
  Three fat calmed down, heard a little meaning from his words, looked up and looked at Wei Qian seemingly full of care face, "Qianer, are you not also ...... strange bottomless in your heart?"
  
  Wei Qian squeezed out a smile, "It's just like bungee jumping, rationally I know it's fine, but in my heart I still feel quite creepy, I'll just be creepy alone."
  
  The three fat men stared into his eyes, "Honestly, what went through your mind when you first realized there was a shadow on your lungs and ruled out tuberculosis and inflammation?"
  "So what can one think?" Wei Qian peeled an orange, threw a petal into his mouth, and said flatly, "There are many possibilities that could cause a shadow on the lungs, and it's not like we've necessarily ruled out that these two are lung cancer."
  
  Triple Fatty: "Less smoke-free farts after this, you must have felt like the sky was falling at the time."
  
  Wei Qian threw an orange peel at him and cursed with a laugh, "I thank you, don't plant your old man's little outburst on my head, okay?"
  
  Three Fatty and he wore crotch pants friendship, as soon as he heard that he did not positively deny, his heart immediately understood.
  However, he did not see the slightest clue or sign of all the previous things, and SanFat guaranteed that if he did not see it himself, others definitely did not see it either, even including Wei Zhiyuan.
  
  But now that I think about it, perhaps there are some clues again, the brunt of which is the planning of that industrial park.
  Wei Qian has always had to build a mature property team this idea, up to then he himself has always said that the time is not yet ripe, the risk is slightly greater, so the planning book has been doing, but never taken it out to others to see it, and now ...... is not the time particularly ripe?
  
  Three Fatty, like everyone else, thought that Wei Qian had been paying attention to this matter, and then took the opportunity of Wei Zhiyuan's return to China and Wang Dongliang's provocation to launch it, but he launched the plan, but did not personally manipulate it, but handed it over to Ma Chunming.
  Three Fatty understood after a little thought that he seemed to be intentionally handing over the power he had held in his hand for many years at that time.
  
  Was Wei Qian at that time ...... waiting apprehensively for perhaps a death sentence?
  
  Then according to Wei Qian half a month ago about hospitalization for surgery and other matters, plus he intentionally support Wei Zhiyuan and Xiaobao to do the preparatory work to infer, that the death penalty sword from the top of his head to move away, that is, a small month ago, when Wei Qian and the usual what is different?
  
  It seems that ...... doesn't even have it.
  
  Maybe there is, just that no one else knows about it?
  
  San Fatty didn't know that while Wei Qian was waiting for the results of the examination, he did another thing to Wei Zhiyuan in addition to launching that plan. He also didn't know that after the alarm was lifted, when Wei Qian was planning to detach both pups, his heart was relieved and he also allowed Wei Zhiyuan to do one thing to him.
  
  Three Fatty gazed into the eyes of his old friend with a pang of mixed feelings.
  He suddenly sprang up with the idea of making small talk and asked Wei Qian, "Back then when Sister Chen Lu was sick, you told me that one day in the future, if you also got a terminal illness, you'd just walk away and hide to die by yourself, is that true?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Of course not, how could I do something like that?"
  
  Three Fatty blinked in consternation.
  
  "That time was then, now is now." Wei Qian pressed the fully peeled orange peel onto the coffee table and unfolded it, the pulp broke off half of it and handed it to Sanfan, he said, "I'll go to the cure, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, surgery, what works with what."
  
  "Aren't you afraid you'll turn into a walking corpse with your hair falling out? Aren't you afraid of dragging others down?"
  "People Chen Lu was born a great beauty, it's only natural that she's afraid of becoming ugly, what am I afraid of?" Wei Qian smiled, "Money-wise, I can't drag anyone down, I'm not bad at staying in ICU for the rest of my life."
  
  Triple Fatty: "So you know you're afraid of dying? I was like ......"
  
  "That's not true." Wei Qian said, "I figured it out when Grandma left, if a person is sick and fed up with sin, sick and bad-tempered for a long time, and finally dies as a monster, the family usually thinks it's a relief, and won't find it hard to accept, but if it's all gone at once, I'm not worried, but I'm afraid that Xiao Yuan and Xiao Bao... . they might not be able to accept it, especially ......"
  
  His words did not finish, the door was suddenly kicked open - probably when San Fat came in he did not bring the door with him, vainly exposed a gap, a peel open, the two men looked up, only to see Wei Zhiyuan standing in the doorway with no color in his face, and in his hand was holding a briefcase.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan fetched something back, just in the door not closed tightly heard the three fat and Wei Qian's conversation, but he did not listen to the whole, only in front of the village and not after the store heard Wei Qian that sentence "...... to cure, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, surgery, what works with what". The first time I heard this, it was a very good idea for me to go to the hospital.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's entire body was confused.
  


66. Chapter 66 

  "Xiao Yuan?" Wei Qian a little stunned, asked, "I did not say ...... how you still ran back?"
  
  But Wei Zhiyuan didn't say anything, just looked at him blankly, no focus in his eyes, his eyes scattered as if filling the whole room, nowhere to focus.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan went to Wei Qian's office to get the documents and suddenly saw the key inserted in the bottom drawer of the desk.
  Wei Qian never locks cabinets, whether at home or in the office - and the kind of drawers that require him to bend down to reach them, he generally does not use.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan also do not know why he would suddenly have such a strong curiosity, and then he thought, probably because he has been disturbed by the reason, he quietly walked over, hands open the drawer.
  The drawer was really not used often, and it still had a peculiar odor of furniture that had not been opened for a long time, covered with a layer of dust, and did not contain anything else but a medical report.
  
  The hospital service of the medical checkup is considerate, not only binds the report into a book, but also explains in detail at the back of each indicator that the general public can not understand, and even a mild dental caries are listed in the recommended treatment program.
  Therefore, when Wei Zhiyuan saw the "shadow of the lungs", he felt that his heart "fluttered" and jumped out of his mind.
  Well, the doctor followed that up with a list of possibilities that could cause a shadow on the lungs, specifically suggesting that people who have suffered from pneumonia may have pseudotumors due to the inflammation.
  
  This incident has cast a shadow on Wei Zhiyuan's heart, and he came back with something heavy hearted and distracted, and nearly ran a red light on the way to his home, and only managed to stop behind the line with a sharp brake.
  As a result, this breath was blocked, and before it had time to float up, Wei Zhiyuan heard Wei Qian's words at the door.
  
  He stood in the doorway, Wei Qian's question he turned a deaf ear, Wei Zhiyuan only felt a buzzing in his ears, his vision also began to darken piece by piece, he couldn't help but reach out and hold the wall, his heartbeat drumming like a cicada in autumn, but inside is a cold piece of cold, a coolness rose from the soles of his feet, and in an instant, the blood that flowed unceasingly in his body froze.
  
  Three Fatty was saying something to him, Wei Zhiyuan watched woodenly as his mouth was moving and his hand movements were about to poke the bridge of his nose, but he didn't even blink his eyelids, as if he had lost the ability to react for a moment.
  The stiff legs did not take a step for a long time, Wei Zhiyuan even felt that if he knelt down, he would never get up again.
  
  Something snapped all the bones in his body at once, leaving only a precarious bit at the joints to hold on to.
  
  He didn't know how to use internal energy, but he had a solid experience of what it meant to go off the deep end and what it meant to have a million thoughts.
  
  SanFat exclaimed, "Qian'er, come and take a look, what did this child hear? I don't think this face looks right!"
  Wei Qian walked over and gently patted Wei Zhiyuan's face with his palm, "Xiao Yuan?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's scattered gaze gradually condensed into a point under his touch, the eyes were cold and deep, like two wells with an invisible bottom at a glance, cloudy and somewhat scary, and a hint of light could not be folded out.
  Suddenly, Wei Zhiyuan swayed, and he seemed to take a deep breath, as if he was just about to open his mouth when he was suddenly choked by something, and he jerked his head to the side, coughing violently.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan covered his mouth, choking and gasping for air, his eyes flew red, and then blood dripped out along his fingers.
  
  Three Fatty "ow" a voice: "My mom! Why is there blood here?"
  
  Wei Qian was also startled, "Xiao Yuan, don't cover it, let me take a look."
  Wei Qian tried to break Wei Zhiyuan's hand, but he felt as if he had touched a corpse that had already died of rigor mortis, where it was hard and brittle, he suspected that his hand was too strong, or Wei Zhiyuan's arm would "crunch" a drop.
  
  Just then, Wei Zhiyuan suddenly stretched out a hand and clutched Wei Qian's uninjured wrist.
  
  Wei Qian was pinched by him raw pain, several times want to retract the hand back, dead draw out, the oil skin is almost jerked off by that kid.
  Wei Qian suspected that Wei Zhiyuan was misunderstanding something, couldn't care less that SanFat was still present, used his arm to encircle Wei Zhiyuan's waist, and his wrist gently bumped his stiff back, "It's okay, brother is still there, Xiaoyuan, Xiaoyuan?"
  
  Originally winter is dry, Wei Zhiyuan is a stimulus to suffer a big, blood pressure soared sharply, the nose capillaries directly burst open, out of the nosebleed, a mouth choked to the mouth, which made a nearly seven bleeding thriller scene.
  
  After a while, I don't know if it was the weak effect of Wei Qian's raw appeasement or Wei Zhiyuan choking so much that he coughed out his lungs, but his sanity finally began to slowly return.
  Wei Zhiyuan realized something and let go of Wei Qian's wrist, and then he stumbled on his feet, slightly pushing Wei Qian away and turning to walk into the bathroom, rinsing out the blood in his mouth before drawing a wet wipe and cooling his nose with the cool, icy surface.
  
  "What a mess." Wei Zhiyuan thought, pressing his hand on the bridge of his nose, feeling dizzy from the dimly lit bathroom, he closed his eyes and stood motionless for a while, the
------------

Reading in Sections 76

He managed to briefly shield Wei Qian from his consciousness for a few moments, and his breathing and heartbeat steadied little by little this time.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that his nerves usually only in a very small amplitude gently shaking, occasionally pulled a little larger, will be pulled into a palm-sized membrane, he thought that these "occasionally" is already the ultimate, until just now ......
  It was literally at the tipping point, almost too close to come back, and to this day, he could feel the slow contraction of his stretched nerves, that mental pinch in all directions.
  
  San Fatty awkwardly glanced at Wei Zhiyuan and then at Wei Qian, his gaze darting back and forth between the two, squeezing his eyebrows, and he didn't know what he was thinking.
  
  Ten minutes, Wei Zhiyuan cooled down his nose to stop the blood, he wiped it clean and walked out with a wooden look, picked up Wei Qian's wrist that he had grabbed, only to see that the wrist was alive as if it had been scratched by a female ghost, leaving a row of clear ebony fingerprints.
  Three Fatty's face twitched and he muttered, "Mom kisses, how hard?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't say a word, from the drawer where he kept his regular medicines, he found out the bruise cream, dug a little bit and applied it on Wei Qian's wrist, slowly but forcefully pushed it away, Wei Qian jerked in pain, and following that, it was again pressed by Wei Zhiyuan's texture.
  
  I don't know how long it took before Wei Zhiyuan opened his mouth and asked, "What happened to the medical report?"
  
  His voice was hoarse and his tone was flat, going as if the calm before the storm contained the great energy of a mountain rain, Wei Qian suddenly and inexplicably felt weak, and couldn't help but raise his head to look at SanFat.
  
  Three Fatty: "What are you looking at me for? It's all you, you can scare people out of their wits - cut the crap and honestly explain the cause and effect to the organization yourself!"
  
  Wei Qian to this point can feel Wei Zhiyuan's fingers are still cold, so he had to avoid the importance of his intention to go to surgery said, the end deliberately emphasized the tumor is benign, surely all right, after three fat a call, he learned to put "more than half" and other scary words are erased, a language package, it sounds like He was really going to have his appendix removed.
  
  Although the three fat let him account for himself, heard this, or can not help but watch Wei Zhiyuan look added: "Yes, your brother is right, nothing, we two just chatting about an old story, you listen to the fork ah, don't take it to heart."
  
  "Third Brother." Wei Zhiyuan expressionlessly interrupted SanFat's words, rubbed away the bruises on Wei Qian's wrist, pulled a napkin from the table and wiped his medicine-stained fingers, and said in a tone of voice that had no ebb and flow, "You believe what he said?"
  
  Triple Fat: "......"
  He rubbed his head, realizing that it seemed like he was being a little too truthful.
  
  "I don't believe a single word." Wei Zhiyuan forced himself straight into Wei Qian's eyes and said word for word, "You don't have to explain anymore, I won't believe a single word you say."
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  "Sango, return my ticket and run it by someone else first if you're in a hurry."
  
  Triple Fatty asked warily, "What about you?"
  
  "From now on, I'm going to lock him up at home, except for the hospital, he can't go anywhere, whether it's to the hospital for a checkup or an operation, I'm going to be present all the time, I'll go to the doctor and explain the situation, everything, I need to be the first to know." Wei Zhiyuan's expression and words were seeping ice outwards, after finishing, he also consulted General Manager Tan's opinion rather politely, "This is fine with you guys, right?"
  
  Sanfat decisively betrayed his friend and shook his head like a rattle.
  
  "That's good." Wei Zhiyuan said, he didn't even look at Wei Qian, he stood up and said to SanFat, "I'll see you off."
  
  The three fat people were "sent away" by him as if they were sleepwalking.
  
  Walked to the elevator mouth, three fat only came back to God, mixed feelings looked at Wei Zhiyuan a glance: "Brothers, everything to the benefit of think, your brother, it ...... alas, his grandson is indeed not good, but not to this point of the spectrum does not rely on, I think that this comrade in the mind or can be salvageable room, he said nothing, it may be really nothing big. He said nothing, may be really no big deal, you also more or less relaxed, ah?"
  
  When those words fell, San Fatty could clearly see Wei Zhiyuan's expression crack.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's eyebrows flew up in the center, his eyes reddened in an instant, the corners of his mouth twitched and twitched gently, slanting to the side as if tears were about to fall.
  However, in the next moment, Wei Zhiyuan raised his arm and covered his face for a moment, and a moment later he lowered it, and he had already regained the almost numb calmness that he had earlier, except for his eyes, which were still red.
  
  "Uh-huh." Wei Zhiyuan answered softly, "Thank you, Third Brother."
  
  The elevator door opened, SanFat walked in, he watched Wei Zhiyuan's tall body being shut out by the elevator door little by little, and finally only a slit was left, disappeared, without saying goodbye to him.
  
  "If this is a long or short, what can Xiao Yuan do?" Three fat heart can not help but cross such a thought, he rolled his eyes to the downstairs, looked up at the towering rich residential buildings, the heart is a little confused thought, "when I tried to obstruct Wei Zhiyuan, tried to find Wei Qian to introduce the girl ...... is really right? "
  
  He couldn't imagine how deep one person's feelings for another could go, and it was creepy to skim over them.
  How much of this truth is there in the world?
  
  The three fat people stood in a daze as it were for a while before sighing, lowering their heads, and looking preoccupied as they left.
  
  "Forget it, let them be." Thinking this way, Three Fatty walked away.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan returned home, really unlocked the door, and brought the key with him, fulfilling his promise to lock Wei Qian in his house. Then he began a long, one-sided cold war.
  
  At first, Wei Qian was not used to it, but he also had his own things to do, he had a rare idle time at home with nothing to do, watching TV and playing computer and reading books, there were so many things to pass the time, and after two days of sticking to it like this, he finally couldn't stand it a little bit anymore.
  Wei Zhiyuan treats him as a pile of air, in addition to the morning and evening to ask a sentence "today there is no discomfort", as well as out of the door to ask a sentence "I go out to buy things, you want to bring", and then no other communication.
  
  Wei Qian feels that he is also a bit of "holding not to go, playing backwards" bitch, before Wei Zhiyuan all day in his eyes, shaking him into a head into two big, worried to death, now Wei Zhiyuan although every day at home, but magically can not appear in his line of sight.
  
  "Can you flash your tongue by saying more words?" Wei Qian thought indignantly, but he also felt that he took the initiative to come up, as if ...... it was a bit of a loss of face.
  
  Wei Qian's several attempts to start a conversation failed, Wei Zhiyuan used to send him off with single words - "hmm", "no", "good", "no", "no" and so on. " "No" and so on, simple and concise.
  
  The first time Wei Qian thought "almost line it", the second time, Wei Qian thought "this is still not finished it", the third time, he thought "fuck", so the efficient one-sided cold war into two sides. The third time, he thought "fuck", and thus efficiently expanded the one-sided cold war into a two-sided one.
  
  The two people for several days who did not take care of anyone, uneasy to come over to see the three fat as soon as he entered the door felt the atmosphere is not right, a look at Wei Qian's two-fifty-eighty thousand the same as tugging and stinking face, the heart suddenly like a mirror, before leaving, he finally could not help but hate Wei Qian said: "You ah, more or less also long a little bit of heart it!"
  
  Finally, approaching the night before leaving home, Wei Qian packed up his things before going to bed, planning to go to the hospital.
  
  What if, he thought, he had a green light all the way to the hospital and found out things had changed?
  What if it's really malignant?
  What if there is even a 99% chance that he is the "1"?
  
  For a moment, he was afraid.
  However, from the past, when he was far and near, he had already gotten used to all sorts of fearful torments, so in just a moment's work, Wei Qian regained his composure.
  
  "Where's that many ten-thousand-evening, yuck." Wei Qian thought so baldly, reached out to turn off the light, climbed back into bed and went to sleep.
  
  Wei Qian was asleep, but not solid, woke up once in the middle of the night, he rolled over, stretched his curled up feet, his eyes unintentionally opened a slit, and was awakened by the black shadow poking there motionlessly on the bed.
  
  Wei Qian staggered back violently and sat up from the bed, staring at the dark figure for two seconds, "Xiao Yuan?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't make a sound.
  Wei Qian let out a breath and slammed the pillow on Wei Zhiyuan, "Heart attack didn't let you scare it out."
  
  He said, reaching out to screw in the bedside lamp, but was stopped by Wei Zhiyuan who clasped his wrist.
  
  Then, Wei Zhiyuan slowly perched up, borrowed Wei Qian's half lying movement, pressed him solidly on the bed, hands gathered Wei Qian's shoulders, motionless in the darkness holding him, I do not know how long, Wei Qian heard a sound similar to a cold like sniffling sound, he was shocked to raise his hand, groped for Wei Zhiyuan's face, surprisingly, it was a hand of wet.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan avoided his hand and buried his head in the nape of his neck, deadening the still trembling breath hitting Wei Qian's neck one by one.
  
  Wei Qian finally raised his hand and gently patted his back, saying in a low voice, "It's really fine, I really didn't lie to you this time."
  His heart softened, to the point of some guilt, Wei Qian even felt that he was like a spoiled child when it came to relationships, accustomed to others letting him take what he wanted, as if those were taken for granted.
  
  Wei Qian lowered his head, carefully kissed Wei Zhiyuan's hair, and said softly in a tone like coaxing a child, "I promise to quit smoking after the operation, okay, hmm?"
  
  Wei Qian has never been good at cursing, let him comfort others, always a bit of professional mismatch, skewering the feeling, this sentence out, the effect is comparable to the American movie "after the war, go home to get married", ominous meaning as if a thousand crows howling chorus circling over.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan couldn't bear to gag him.
  This, however, is not a tender and affectionate kiss, just like a bite that lets out anger, Wei Qian can't avoid it, so he can only accept it passively and helplessly in its entirety, his head involuntarily tilted back, tightly against the head of the bed, the back of his neck that was pinched by one of Wei Zhiyuan's hands was raw and painful, and he even went numb with his lips.
  
  I don't know how long it took, but Wei Qian felt like he was about to suffocate before Wei Zhiyuan let go of him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan seemed to have calmed down, he avoided Wei Qian's unhealed and injured hand to brace himself on the bed board and crouched on top of the man who had been thinking about him and still stabbed him from time to time.
  
  "The road game side is progressing very well, these days I can't conveniently go over there, I contacted a classmate of the team over there, who is also Chinese, and entrusted him to buttress the investment money. We have now recruited another professional operation team and marketing team, and we may be able to open beta by the end of next year." Wei Zhiyuan said softly, "I've also contacted the industrial park for you, we will probably get a China regional office, saving me from running abroad all the time."
  
  Wei Qian didn't expect him to suddenly say this and froze.
  
  "You don't have to think about anything, it's okay to be afraid," Wei Zhiyuan reached out his fingers to ruffle the hair on his forehead that hadn't been taken care of for a long time and appeared to be a bit long, and lowered his head to kiss him gently on the lips, "I was a bit unable to think about it a couple days ago, brother, I... ..."
  
  He seemed to want to apologize, but Wei Qian pulled the quilt over and wrapped it around both of them, rolling over and laying Wei Zhiyuan down on his back, not letting him finish.
  
  "Alright," Wei Qian said, "I know, go to sleep and accompany me to the hospital tomorrow."
  
  He heard Wei Zhiyuan s meaning - if anything happens to you, I will inherit everything from you, take care of your company, take care of Xiaobao, and follow the ins and outs of every investment money ...... as if you were still alive.
  
  Until this night, Wei Qian although pretending to frankly accept the whole thing, the actual development of their own and Wei Zhiyuan bizarre relationship, or feel is a few points "cut and cut still messy", and the night is heavy, his heart lotus roots linking the interlocking ten thousand kinds of emotions finally sank from the mid-air together.
  
  "Xiao Yuan's life has been ruined in my hands."
  Wei Qian thought like this, his heart was almost sad, he tightened his arm around Wei Zhiyuan's waist and slowly leaned his head on Wei Zhiyuan's shoulder.
  
  After Wei Qian was hospitalized and went through a series of tests, doctors scheduled him for surgery.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan brought his tablet with him, consulted Chinese medicine practitioners in the interval of waiting for him, recorded a whole lot, and then carefully organized his notes against various materials. Those who didn't know saw it and probably thought he was a medical student preparing for his license.
  
  Three fat is not assured, the middle came over to take a look, bought a bottle of drink handed Wei Zhiyuan: "Eat some rice to go, it's still early."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan glanced at his watch and shook his head, "No appetite, there's nothing to be gained by eating hard, wait, I'm at ease."
  
  Three Fatty was silent for a moment, sat down next to him, looked down at Wei Zhiyuan's computer screen, he suddenly opened his mouth and said, "Qian'er ...... your brother, this person, I always feel that he is like the kind of apples that the farmers take a paper bag to wrap up."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked up at him with some confusion.
  
  "You may not have seen," said three fat, "our family has a rural relatives, planting apples, they are afraid of pesticides on the fruit, the second is also for the sake of good-looking, will be outside the apple set of a layer of paper bags, the evening only to take it down to meet the sunlight, the apple on the color of the exceptionally fast, exceptionally uniform, to come out to sell a more than a bright and beautiful, in fact, you buy back to taste know, not delicious. Out of the time to sell a more than a bright and beautiful, in fact, you buy back to taste it know, not delicious."
  
  Three fat said, sighed: "Your brother is also, outsiders how to see how good, really and he lived up to the day, not so much at all, he is the top is not something so a goods - hard to eat the fruit, who ate who knows, you ah .... . you know it very well, but you are still happy to suffer this sin."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him with some surprise.
  
  Three fat avoided his gaze, and said, "Raise a smooth donkey, you'll consider it as a cultivation, tolerate him a little more ...... In fact, I'm redundant to say that you've tolerated him for so many years - if I had such an asshole brother, I would have been at loggerheads with him long ago."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Third Brother, you ......"
  "That's what I mean." Three Fatty stretched out his bushy hand and patted his shoulder, "I'll go out and look around to see if there's anything good to eat in the neighborhood, turn around and let that thing eat sick food, he dares to look for trouble with you every day, so that you won't even be able to live in peace even if you die."
  


67. Chapter 67 

  Twenty-three, sugar melons.
  As the saying goes, "After the waxing season
------------

Reading in Sections 77

Eight is the year," and sure enough, there was a celebration.
  
  The tumor in Wei Qian's lungs was eventually determined to be benign, surgically removed, after which the moncler outlet store in order to show their wise and godly, anticipate things like God, good life to a pass of hindsight, are weak lying in the hospital bed, but also seize the opportunity to get a good deal of, said loudly, "I said it's all right is all right, I let go of the mouth gun? Just you people, one by one jumping up and down ......"
  
  Three Fatty had a look on his face like his gums were bleeding.
  Well, just at this time, Wei Zhiyuan came in, holding a thermos bucket.
  
  He greeted San Fatty and put the thermos to one side first, then squatted on the ground and lifted up one of Wei Qian's cuffs - the hand that Wei Qian had suffered a knife wound had already had the stitches removed - Wei Zhiyuan fished out the string of wooden beads he had sharpened for him from his pocket and wrapped it around it.
  
  Wei Qian blinked and asked curiously, "Why did you remember to bring it?"
  Wei Zhiyuan said without lifting his head: "You have just finished surgery anesthetic strength, people are still confused when they want, do not remember? Wake up the first sentence is unclear to ask people 'where is my beads'."
  
  Wei Qian's face was rather unsettled and he didn't squeak.
  
  SanFat laughed so hard that his folds came out, "Hahahahaha, 'Where are my beads', why do you want them so much? I say, Qian'er, red head rope you want? Two feet long, New Year's Eve, turn around father to buy it for you, father has money, pull a few more inches for you, nothing can also be a belt."
  
  Wei Qian lay on the bed and could not get down, so he had to use his eyes to express the somewhat complicated message of "I'm going to beat you to death".
  
  "Aigoo, stare at father ah," three fat patted his own stomach, smilingly said, "stare at me I can leave, do not love to see your late/mother face. You two that ...... that what, hey, I will not bother."
  
  What the hell is this?
  Wei Qian: "Fuck off."
  
  The three fat men laughed up at the sky and went out the door and rolled.
  
  Only then did Wei Qian sneak to look at Wei Zhiyuan, but he found that Wei Zhiyuan was gazing down at him, and he suddenly coughed dryly and said with some embarrassment, "Well, what is it about that ...... company of yours?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "No."
  
  Wei Qian asked again, "Where's Xiaobao?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Just called and made a big fuss with me, his voice was muffled from crying, said he booked an afternoon flight and would arrive in the evening."
  
  Wei Qian really ran out of words this time, Wei Zhiyuan sat on the edge of his bed, "What else to ask?"
  
  Wei Qian was silent for a moment and held out his hand to him, "Come here."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took his hand and sat closer.
  Wei Qian then raised his hand and touched his head, and then moved it down slightly, his palm, which appeared a bit coarse because of the wound, brushed against Wei Zhiyuan's face as he said, "This time it's really fine, I won't lie to you, don't be angry."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan closed his eyes, "I didn't."
  
  "Come on, you've been angry since you were little." Wei Qian laughed, "After arguing with Xiaobao once, I never entered her house until I moved."
  
  "You actually remembered." Wei Zhiyuan's eyes suddenly lit up, and there seemed to be two tiny lights in his pupils, searingly leaping, "What else do you remember?"
  
  "I remember a lot of things, when you were a kid you didn't want to go to school, jumped and screamed at me in front of the school, and bit me, and ended up chipping one of your own teeth, thought you were dying, and wrote the first big novel in your life." Wei Qian said slowly, "And Xiao Bao, you two would be like a pair of cockfighters in those days, fighting from morning till night, I don't know what it's all about."
  
  "I don't know why she is, but I'm trying to cheer you up anyway."
  
  Wei Qian: "Nonsense, what am I so happy about you two fighting?"
  Wei Zhiyuan leaned over and reached out to touch the corner of his mouth, "Then who knows? You're still smiling anyway."
  
  Wei Qian awkwardly restrained the corners of his mouth that couldn't help but turn upward, then he thought for a moment and grumbled, "But it wasn't for a few years, and then when you grew up, you weren't very close to me anymore."
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him meaningfully.
  
  Wei Qian inexplicably asked, "What are you looking at?"
  "It's not that I don't kiss you, it's that I don't dare to kiss you anymore." Wei Zhiyuan said, from the trouser pocket touched out his money clip - his money clip in the trouser pocket for a long time stuffed, by all kinds of material hard jeans wear and tear very quickly, so far has been changed seven or eight, but after flipping open, photo clip in the photo clip will always be the same one.
  
  The photo was so old that it was already out of shape, the edges were worn out, and it had been re-taped with a circle of tape, on it was a flat-headed, but clear-eyed teenager, the teenager was wearing a school uniform, standing in front of the camera, with his hands behind his back, standing as straight as an upright as if it were a stiff mallet, with no smile at all on his face, tensed up, with a somewhat gloomy look in his eyes, which seemed to harbor a deep hostility towards the whole world.
  
  "Who is this stupid kid? Why is it like a juvenile delinquent." Wei Qian didn't react at first, then he squinted his eyes and surveyed for a long time, finally struggling to recognize that there was nearly twenty years ago himself, at once the whole person was Spartan, "Such a two-dimensional photo, where on earth did you find it? Wei Xiaoyuan, you are too discerning, can't you pick a good one? You all day carry this ...... this face clearly written 'I am stupid' four big words of goods, not afraid of other people see joke?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Give it back to me, no insulting my dream girl."
  
  "No, confiscated, I'm going to destroy the corpse." Wei Qian returned his hand and stuffed the old photo under his pillow, not allowing his black history to continue to flaunt.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan looked at him helplessly.
  
  "Alright, big deal, I'll compensate you for one." Wei Qian thought about it and remembered that he didn't take many pictures at all, he reached out and fished out his cell phone from Wei Zhiyuan's pants pocket and pulled up the photo function that he had just recently started playing with.
  What kind of a shot?
  
  Wei Qian thought for a moment, struggling to get up in his hospital bed.
  
  "What are you doing? Don't move," Wei Zhiyuan immediately pressed him down, "Be careful of touching the needle of the IV askew."
  Wei Qian slightly turned his head sideways, following Wei Zhiyuan's movements, the hand with the IV inserted gently moved a little distance away, looking as if he had cupped Wei Zhiyuan's hand that had come to hold him down, and his lips gently touched the back of Wei Zhiyuan's hand.
  
  "Click."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan's hand shook like an electric shock.
  A few moments later, Wei Zhiyuan stared blankly at his cell phone screen, the man's side of the face with a big illness in the unique pallor, appears to be lowered eyebrows the more black, the more intense, he was like in the morning light of the dawn cupped a flower with dew, because of its delicate and fragile and shimmering and moving and more and more compassionate, a touch of the release to kiss it, and then will be placed back on the branch firmly... ...with a small, helpless smile at the corner of his mouth.
  
  He has trampled underfoot the fate that has been pursuing him so many times that the bitch "fate" does not seem to dare to mess with him anymore. He was invincible, but he was defeated only by the dark fragrance of this "flower".
  
  Wei Zhiyuan felt that this lonely and remorseless road of his had finally come to an end.
  I don't know if it's because I've been in the hospital with them for the past few days and I'm too tired, or something else, it didn't take long before Wei Zhiyuan couldn't help but fall asleep on the bed.
  
  While he was napping, the high priest Xiong Yingjun arrived.
  He was dressed as an alternative monk and made a good show of himself in the hospital, surrounded by doctors and nurses, other patients and their families, holding a string of Buddha beads in his hand, primping as he walked, bowing to anyone he saw, avoiding anyone he saw, so his feet appeared to be very slow, but he did not care about what others said about him.
  
  At that moment, a resident doctor caught up with him, "Master! Hey, that master!"
  Old Bear: "Amitabha Buddha."
  
  The doctor looked him up and down and asked uncertainly, "Are you ...... also here to visit?"
  
  The old bear said divinely, "Yes, there is a resident who has just been released from his suffering, and I have come to see him."
  The doctor's face changed, followed by lowering his voice: "Yo, is the one sent to the morgue in the afternoon? That can't be, our hospital management is strict, the morgue can't just enter."
  
  Old Bear: "......"
  He thought it was a real shame that right now, in the end times, even the sacred medical workers could be so superficial.
  
  "Amitabha." The old bear sighed and patiently explained, "That resident, he is unfortunately still a living thing."
  
  "Ah, that is to have to be sorry ...... No, no, no, no, I don t mean that." The doctor saw his face like constipation, and then saw the fruit basket in his hand, and hastened to support the glasses on his face, said righteously, "In fact, I catch up, just want to tell you, the general lady that kind of especially flowing long skirt and pants is best not to wear in the hospital - oh, I just say you can sweep the ground this kind of We are all patients here, the floor is full of bacteria and viruses, sweeping on the clothes, go back to the harmful health of you and your family."
  Then, realizing that it was not appropriate to say "family" to the monk, the serious doctor added, "Going back is harmful to your health and the health of your elder brother and second brother, Master Sha."
  
  The old bear was speechless for a few moments, so he could only bow his head to express his gratitude, and at the same time, he felt that Wei Qian must have been blessed by the Buddha to have survived such a treacherous medical environment.
  
  An old man with a mask passed by and said to the young resident doctor, "Xiao Liu, you are also a bit decent, where so much nonsense? Without a bit of prestige, how can the patients trust you in the future?"
  Xiaoliu Dafu playfully came over to give him a shoulder and back, "Teacher, I am hanging pots to help the world, he is universal, we two have a common language, what's the point of chatting a little more?"
  
  The word "universal" caused the old bear to stumble, then he shook his head and smiled as he headed for the hospital room.
  
  When he pushed open the door to Wei Qian's hospital room, the old bear froze in the doorway first.
  He saw Wei Zhiyuan lying on the head of Wei Qian's bed sleeping soundly, with most of his side face buried in the crook of his own arm, only a little bit showing, and the corners of his mouth seeming to have a smile on them.
  Wei Qian still had various tubes inserted in his body, and was flipping through a magazine with one eye, occasionally lowering his head to look at the quietly sleeping youth with a gaze that just couldn't be described as soft.
  
  Wei Qian's gaze unintentionally swept towards the door and saw Old Bear, who immediately raised his index finger to his lips and made a quiet gesture to him.
  
  The old bear came in gingerly, set the fruit basket to the side, felt himself blinded by the dog-man-man, and to show his dissatisfaction he drew a banana from his present, peeled it unceremoniously, and ate it.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan did not have the habit of sleeping in the daytime, exhausted only dozed off, but also lying on the twenty minutes, the old bear on the use of this short twenty minutes to gnaw half of the fruit basket, Wei Zhiyuan woke up in a "click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click" in the sound of the waking up, for a moment thought that the ward had a rat.
  
  It was only when he opened his eyes that Wei Qian finally spoke.
  "Xiong Yingjun," said Weiqian, "you've come to my picnic, haven't you?"
  
  The old bear did not see the field said, "anyway, you eat these things for a while is not very convenient, in a couple of days it should be put bad, I will solve a little for you, can not waste things."
  
  Wei Qian smiled skinlessly, "That's really appreciated - what exactly are you doing here? It can't be that you're here specifically to see me, can it?"
  
  "You this almsman ah, how acerbic ah, presumptuous even if it's not enough, but also always willing to think of others in a bad way," the old bear assiduously, and then two hands, "poor monk really come to visit the sick, by the way, to pay you a good morning."
  
  Wei Qian gave him a skeptical look, "Weasels paying homage to chickens?"
  
  "Amitabha Buddha," the old bear was silent for a while, "the poor monk sometimes it is really difficult to understand the schizophrenic you this ...... time and again to attack yourself also indiscriminately into the style of speech, too equalizing. "
  
  Probably because he had been lying down for too long, Wei Qian felt a bit of pain in his trauma, he frowned and gently moved a bit, Wei Zhiyuan immediately came over and shoved a pillow behind him, "Be careful."
  
  Wei Qian nodded, then turned to Old Xiong, "I want no money and half a life now, which one are you going to discuss with me? Don't beat around the bush, say it."
  
  "Amitabha Buddha, how can you talk to a monk about such mundane things? Is Brother Kong Fang's business something you and I should talk about? How hurtful!" Old Bear lowered his head, man five and six in a compassionate pose, then he jerked his persimmon pie face up, revealing a Garfield-like thieving smile, and held out five fingers to Wei Qian, "It's enough for you to sponsor me for this amount."
  
  Wei Qian was furious: "I knew there was no way you would make a special trip to see me!"
  
  The old bear smiled and said, "Don't be angry, Schizo, you're not yet healed from a serious illness, you need to nourish your qi and be calm."
  
  Wei Qian: "Impossible, I now have several projects in the hands of the smash in the early stage, the capital chain is taut almost broken, and soon plan to sell themselves, where to get the money to go?"
  Old Bear: "Just half a million dollars, not as high as the interest you blink this time, you do not not pull out a dime, okay?"
  
  "Five hundred thousand dollars? Good deal." Wei Qian threw his head back, "Xiao Yuan, got any change? Give him ten dollars, there's a lottery ticket seller at the door, tell him to talk to Buddha and win a million or eight hundred thousand dollars and it's settled."
  
  Old Bear: "This giver who has only worn white shirts all his life, is your name poor? You are really stingy to a certain extent."
  Wei Qian: "I have been driving a 100,000 dollar broken car so far, you open your mouth and ask me for 500,000 dollars to donate the door? Tell me, where is the door?"
  
  The old bear face without pouting, still maintains his own speed of speech unhurriedly to Wei Qian said: "did not let you donate the threshold, did not ask you to repair the Buddha's money, this time it is a few social nonprofit organizations led to do things, they have their own website and microblogging, now very some visibility, you out of the few dollars sponsorship can be used as a publicity corporate brand advertising costs, cheap enough to be a good! It's cheap enough, okay?"
  
  Wei Qian looked the old bear up and down and asked sincerely, "Senior, please enlighten me, has the image of this company even gotten so bad that it needs a monk as an endorsement?"
  
  Old Bear: "Are you paying for it anyway?"
  Wei Qian: "I just don't have any money anyway."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan had to use a cup of warm boiled water to separate the two people, "Okay, all rest, come on, first truce, Xiong drink a cup of water."
  
  The old bear end up a mouthful of drink down, finished smashing mouth said: "I finished with you, this money you definitely have to pay. This thing is like this - recently there are a lot of people on the Internet to say that child abduction and sale of things, I
------------

Reading in sections 78

Said nonprofit is dedicated to social good activities, and they're now planning to take the lead in doing something about these phenomena ......"
  
  "Aren't you guys just starting a fight?" Wei Qian said, "Fighting abduction is the business of the police, why are you following? Public welfare, I think messing up is more like it."
  
  "Schizo ah, you're all down, just build up a little bit of virtue." Old Bear continued to explain, "We're not fighting abduction, we're trying to clean up something like an internet social platform, connecting parents who have lost children and children who don't know where they came from with this network, and the police find abducted and sold children, and also post information on it to look for the children's guardians. Simply put, it's to help find children who have been abducted and sold, you get it, right?"
  
  Wei Qian fell silent, his eyes landing on Wei Zhiyuan once.
  
  Old bear ambition to look at him, sure enough, a few moments later, Wei Qian said, "Xiaoyuan, go home and bring my checkbook to ...... Well, in the name of the company, I privately out."
  And then he added, "Half a million dollars is too tight a budget, you write him five million and bring it to me for signature."
  
  Old Bear: "Good for you - that follow-up requires additional sponsorship ......"
  "OK." Wei Qian agreed in one bite, "You let them give me a contract as soon as possible, I'll come out with a financial director, and I'll accept our company's internal audit in addition to the external audit every year to ensure that the funds are not abused, and you don't have to look for anyone else for the subsequent sponsorship payment."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan froze for a moment, "Brother, actually ......"
  He wanted to say that in fact, he now does not care about the things that happened when he was a child, and there is no special interest in his biological parents, it is good to run into, not run into the pull down, but by the old bear smilingly staring, and feel that he is not very good to tear down the stage.
  
  So it was stuck for a while before he whispered, "Actually, I have you enough."
  
  The old bear, with his eyes and nose and mouth, recited a Buddha's name and was quite a treasure.
  "Uh-huh." Wei Qian's voice was lighter, "Go."
  
  Old Bear and Wei Zhiyuan walked out of the hospital room together.
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Brother Xiong, it's unkind of you to use me like this, isn't it?"
  
  The old bear "hehehe" a smile: "You now have hard wings, the whole world to fly over, he rarely have the opportunity to do something for you, I am to fulfill him - hey, yes, next week I preach, you come or not? I'm going to give a sermon next week, are you coming?
  "A sermon? You?" Wei Zhiyuan had an odd expression on his face.
  
  "What's wrong with me me?" Old Bear glared at him.
  "Why have you been so active lately?" Wei Zhiyuan asked strangely, he vaguely remembered the first time he went to Old Bear's meditation room back then, Old Bear's kind of silence and depression that he intended to spend his whole life in the green light of the ancient Buddha, "Didn't you say that you only practiced to spend yourself?"
  
  The old bear pinched wooden Buddha beads between his fingers, making a crisp sound between the collisions.
  "This is not up to you." After a while, he said so, "Floating on the river for a long time, there are always one or two like you who have nothing to play with to throw themselves into the river, hitching a ride on one, there will be a second one, hitching a ride on more people, there will be no distinction between the lesser and the greater."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was thoughtful.
  The old bear raised his hand and patted his shoulder, "You don t want to think about it, the red dust is just right, and the illusory and undefined door is not to be entered ...... I am leaving."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan watched his broad back walk towards the bus stop, and for a moment had mixed feelings.
  Just at this time, the old bear suddenly turned back and shouted at him, "Kid, you quickly go to get the check ah! Don't be silly, it's not easy to evening a big money is the iron rooster, poor monks easy? Back to the rich man changed his mind on the bad food, want money this matter to strike while the iron is hot!"
  
  For a while everyone around him looked sideways, and the old bear was so proud of himself that he didn't seem to feel a thing.
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't have as thick a skin as him and had to flee.
  


68. Chapter 68

  Wei Qian was honest in the hospital for more than a week, not even half a month, he could not stay.
  He was accustomed to busy days, and after the first few days of surgery, when he was not in good spirits and got sleepy after wandering around for a while, he began to find it difficult to tolerate the monotony and boredom of the hospital life as he spent more and more time awake every day.
  
  After the New Year's Eve is close to the New Year's Eve, the outside is getting more and more lively, Wei Qian but more and more feel that he is in prison, he squatting prison as silently endure a few days, finally made up his mind to escape.
  
  Wei Qian has never been a full of action, as long as he wants, as long as the time is ripe, he has never been able to use the shortest possible time to put into practice - such as put on the clothes and run.
  But this day, Wei Qian thought for a moment, or did not run, he was afraid of Xiao Yuan anxious, so he waited patiently until noon Wei Zhiyuan over.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan brought a thick dozen of documents: "This is our side of the funding program, in duplicate in English and Chinese - the budget control part changed for the third time. This is your administrative department reported the annual meeting arrangement plan, this is your personnel department reported the year-end awards, all need your signature, are you looking at yourself or I read to you?"
  
  You don't know how much of a blowhard Wei Qian is until you work with him, especially when he's hospitalized and has nothing to do.
  Wei Qian can never be very simple and pleasant to say a "I know", and then let the people under him go, he can always be reported to the material revised to a mess, between the lines of the amendments written more than the original text ...... Of course, during this period is usually the long laborers! Wei Zhiyuan handwriting on behalf of the pen.
  
  However, this time, Wei Qian uncharacteristically, read it from beginning to end, and surprisingly did not say anything, and signed all the words.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took out all the neutral pens with newly changed refills, and realized that there was no use for them, and rather uncomfortably glanced at Wei Qian, asking with a bit of worry, "Brother, you're not feeling well today?"
  
  Wei Qian rubbed his nose, "So what ...... I want to discuss something with you."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was simply shocked, he never knew that his brother's dictionary actually has the word "discuss", a moment did not react, just dumbly "ah".
  
  "I'd like to go out for a while this afternoon, to let off some steam," Wei Qian looked at him sincerely, and at the end, actually added with a good attitude, "Okay?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan didn't answer his question for a full half-minute, and after half a minute, he said, completely out of breath, "Are you asking about me?"
  The veins at the corners of Wei Qian's forehead jumped, "Or what?"
  
  "I ...... I I I, uh," Wei Zhiyuan's brain was a muddle, almost stuttering, "No, no problem."
  
  Wei Qian actually even changed his clothes, just waiting for his words, put on the outside to pretend the facade of the hospital gown once off, put on a jacket is ready to break out of prison, he three times to pack up the documents scattered in the hospital bed, a brain stuffed into Wei Zhiyuan's bag, and do not know where to touch a hat to wear, pressed the brim of the hat: "Quickly go, while the nurses are all out to eat. "
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was dizzily dragged out by him, meditatively pondering the whole way, "Wait, what did he just say that I'm 'okay with'?"
  
  It wasn't until Wei Zhiyuan gripped the steering wheel that he dreamily remembered to ask, "Where to?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Go home."
  Wei Zhiyuan hesitated and told him, "Little Treasure is staying at home for the next two days, do you want to be caught by her?"
  
  Wei Qian said offhandedly without thinking, "Then go back to the company."
  Wei Zhiyuan said inexplicably, "Why go back to the company? Isn't it all approved and signed?"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He had finally realized how uninteresting he was and couldn't think of anything else to do but these two places.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan turned his head sideways and thought for a moment, then carefully asked him, "Brother, can you ...... go out with me? I haven't had a date since I grew up."
  
  Wei Qian gave Wei Zhiyuan a rather pitying and intolerant look - as if he himself had made an appointment.
  "OK, let's go, I'll treat you ...... treat you ......" Wei Qian agreed in one mouthful, but the words behind him got stuck, he was wordless for a long time, and unoriginally proposed to say. "Uh, dinner?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was amused by him, "What are you planning to treat me to?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Western food?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Western food is not well digested, and your body doesn't allow it now."
  
  Wei Qian: "That one that eats little Japan ......"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Don't you think they're giving birth to too many things?"
  
  "...... "Wei Qian, "Let's just go home, I'll get you a bowl of noodles."
  
  In the end, the two of them found a Chinese restaurant with a flashy décor that appeared to be very elegant, went in and ordered a bowl of fried lumps for each of them, and watched as the waiter drifted away with a green face.
  And more conscientious, is on these two bowls of fried lumps of money is not Wei Qian's own out of pocket, because halfway through eating, Wei Qian inadvertently glanced downstairs, unexpectedly saw Ma Chunming and his assistant Mengmeng.
  
  "I fuck ......" Wei Qian cursed in a small voice, "the company executives require that every year the Spring Festival to stick to the afternoon of New Year's Eve day, this kid while I'm not there, he actually dared to slip."
  
  As she was saying this, Dream suddenly stood up and reached out with a wave of her hand, and the band in the lobby stopped as if they had consulted with her beforehand.
  Dream's young face as if it will flash, big eyes burning at the inexplicable Ma Chunming, suddenly announced loudly: "Mr. Ma, I will make a wish every year on New Year's Day, especially spiritual, so far did not fall through, so I intend to take advantage of the year before to do this, if successful, this year's opportunity to wish for something else, unsuccessful, then after the New Year's Day to add support, next year will certainly be successful! "
  
  She's quite economical and good at living, as evidenced by her frugal use of "wish-granting opportunities".
  
  The people eating stopped talking and their eyes focused on the girl.
  
  Dream continued to say out loud like a poetry recitation, "Dr. Ma, I think it's time for your ex-wife to change her glasses, but I'm very glad she didn't because it took a moment of bad eye contact to lose you to give me a chance to pick up the pieces ......"
  
  At this point, even if Ma Chunming was stupid, he knew what she was going to say, and he hurriedly stood up in a panic.
  
  Dream grabbed his shoulder in a domineering manner, tiptoed over and threw a big kiss on the side of his face, leaving a reddish lip print, "I'm going to confess to you!"
  
  Ma Chunming took several steps backward, unfortunately tripping over an ornamental dunce and sitting on his butt.
  
  Wei Qian covered his eyes, "Shame on you."
  
  Dr. Ma's entire being was about to evaporate - Dream was so young, so pretty, and so eloquent and capable, why would she look at him, a man who was ugly, old, unromantic, unable to speak, and a second wife?
  Is she blind?
  
  He felt that the whole world was dreamy until the waiter handed him a napkin when it was time to pay the bill and said to Ma Chunming, "Sir, there were two gentlemen just now, who said to charge the bill to you, saying that they were going to show you this and you'd understand."
  
  Ma Chunming looked down, only to see a small turtle drawn in the same style as himself on the napkin, staring at a green bean with a pair of eyes.
  
  Dreamy came over, "What's this?"
  Dr. Ma blushed a little and nimbly gave her a simultaneous interpretation, "He said one of us is a king and the other is a green bean."
  
  When he finished, he turned to the waiter, "What did they order?"
  The waiter's mouth twitched, "Two bowls of fried lumps."
  
  There's no way around it, it's something no one would do except for his decidedly oddball perverted boss.
  
  Wei Qian rubbed Ma Chunming a meal, right as skipping work penalty wages, he thought very hard about a lot of options, and in the end it was still very unoriginal to take Wei Zhiyuan to the cinema - the usual sports that can be played together at the moment are obviously too intense, not very suitable for Wei Qian, this is a sick person, the cold winter months, and there is no place to go fishing.
  
  Unfortunately, only a small half of the movie, Wei Qian fell asleep without giving face.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gathered his hands over him, letting him lean on him, and watched the whole movie with great interest, walking out of the movie theater with a smile on the corners of his mouth.
  
  Wei Qian rubbed his eyes, "It's that good? What's the ending?"
  Wei Zhiyuan: "I don't know."
  
  Wei Qian: "What about the plot?"
  Wei Zhiyuan scratched his hair in embarrassment, "...... forgot."
  
  Wei Qian just wanted to ask him, smiling like a flower, is not watching a comedy movie, but then saw a few girls next to wipe tears past, he looked up, only to see the publicity posters beautifully written on the "love of the city, the ultimate sad song", above is a woman crying with the face of the rain.
  Wei Zhiyuan's heart was filled with great sweetness, so much so that he was so happy from beginning to end that he didn't even realize that he had just watched a sad movie about life and death.
  
  What a failed date, and it's a shame that the parties involved actually all felt pretty good about it.
  
  For this, Wei Zhiyuan released the old bear's pigeon and did not go to listen to that high monk's sermon.
  
  After Old Bear finished spitting, he swept downward and, unsurprisingly, did not see Wei Zhiyuan's silhouette, so he smiled contentedly.
  His words are for those who want to hear them, and those who don't are not bothered, so of course they don't need to hear them.
  
  Wei Qian's behavior of leaving the hospital privately was given a good scolding by the nurse checking in, and even more unfortunate was the fact that he was actually going to spend New Year's Eve in the ward.
  
  He has never had a few reunion smooth year in his life, so he made the decision to give the doctor and nurse on duty a person sealed a big red envelope, together with Wei Zhiyuan, in the crowd turned a blind eye to the connivance of the people, and ran away again.
  
  The two of them, along with Xiao Bao, made dumplings together-the skin was rolled out by Xiao Bao, the dumplings were wrapped by Wei Zhiyuan, and Wei Qian sat on the sofa like a grandpa to supervise the work, with the full-time responsibility of pointing.
  
  When the first firecrackers went off outside the window, Xiaobao's expression suddenly fell, and she said, "If only Grandma were still around."
  
  Many years ago, it also seemed that the three of them were having some kind of festival, and Mrs. Song fell from the sky like an uninvited guest, knocked on their door without any explanation, and turtled up ...... and stayed so domineeringly.
  
  ...... But there won't be such a nasty old thing knocking on the door on New Year's Day anymore, will there?
  
  For a while, all three were silent, yet just then, the doorbell suddenly rang.
  
  Bao leaped three feet to the door and opened it, but was disappointed to find the smiling old bear standing outside.
  
  The old bear looked at the hard-to-conceal stiffness on her face and patted her head, "Why is it like seeing a death star? Is the poor monk that unappealing?"
  Bao came back to his senses and hurriedly let him into the house.

------------

Reading in sections 79

  
  The old bear measured her: "I said back then, this girl feet so big, grow up certainly not shorter than anyone ...... hey, freezing me, have dumplings?"
  Bao: "Yes there is, but it's not wrapped in veggie filling ......"
  
  "Fuck you." The old bear says, "Who eats stuffed veggies? That's for the rabbits."
  He sat down with a big horse, picked one up in his mouth, swallowed it in two swallows, and gave a thumbs up, "Mmm, pork and cabbage, fragrant!"
  
  Wei Qian said coolly, "Amitabha Buddha."
  
  The old bear smiled at him without seeing his teeth, then turned to Wei Zhiyuan: "Hey, Xiao Yuan, guess what, I passed your information and photos to the Internet, and there was really an echo two days ago."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gave a dispensable smile.
  Wei Qian, however, hurriedly asked, "What? What's going on? What kind of person? How old are they? What do they do?"
  
  "A female, listen to the voice seems to be not young, other do not know yet, just contacted." Old Bear chucked another dumpling, "Girl, pour me some vinegar, got any garlic?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Xiao Bao doesn't give it to him, sponsoring you so much money is for you to give me a question?"
  
  Old Bear stretched out his arm and took away the Lapacho Garlic and Lapacho Vinegar, and did his own bounty, while giving Wei Qian a bad look and saying slowly, "Alas, Qian'er, you are really that what is not in a hurry that what is in a hurry."
  Wei Qian: "......"
  
  Old Bear reached into his pocket and fished out a piece of paper with an address and a phone number on it, "This woman on the phone is surnamed Zhou, Xiao Yuan, if you want, you can go and meet her."
  
  After the New Year's Eve dinner, Old Bear excused himself and left.
  Wei Qian hurriedly put on his clothes and followed him out, "I'll send you down, it's New Year's Eve these days, it's not good to take a taxi in the front, I'll take you to that exit in the back."
  
  When he arrived downstairs, the cold wind blew, Wei Qian could not help but shiver solidly, the surgery, after all, hurt the vital energy, this winter he was afraid of the cold and afraid of a lot.
  
  Old Bear: "OK, you go up quickly, tell me how to go on the line, can not dare to labor you this sick."
  
  Wei Qian: "Actually, I just wanted to ask ......"
  "How about the guy on the phone right?" Old Bear picked up where he left off.
  
  "Ah, right," Wei Qian admitted cheerfully, "It wouldn't be fun if I found a bunch of awful relatives after half a day of searching, and then I honestly gave myself a hard time when the time came."
  
  "Listening to that Ms. Zhou, it seems like she just knows something, and is not an immediate family member herself. But listen to talk is quite cultivated, but also quite knowledgeable a person." The old bear glanced at him, squeezing said, "I said, looking for you and worry so much, in the first place, but also willing to iron rooster plucking hair, out so much money to find, is no place to spend? Come to our temple to donate a threshold it Shi Master."
  
  "Roll." Wei Qian puffed a breath into his hands and rubbed them together quickly, "Actually ...... maybe it's because of what happened when he was a child, Xiao Yuan has always been a bit ...... well, I don't know how to say it, rootless, you know? It's gotten much better over the years as he's gotten older, and it was extraordinarily obvious when he was a kid, as if he was always worried about people abandoning him."
  
  "Insecure." Old Bear said.
  Wei Qian nodded, "Pretty much that - I was thinking that maybe he'd be better off after he had a father and a mother."
  
  The old bear looked at him, and finally did not say anything in the end, just reached out in the bitter cold wind and patted Wei Qian's shoulder, "I know, you quickly go back, you ah ...... "
  
  After the breaking of the fifth, Wei Qian was finally authorized to be discharged after a full month in the hospital.
  
  The first thing he did was to book a flight and follow Wei Zhiyuan to fly to the address provided by that Ms. Zhou.
  
  The woman who opened the door for them was an old woman with a full head of gray hair, about seventy or so, but keeping in good shape, with silver strands pulled up high on the back of her head, and wearing a long dress of woolen material, which seemed to have been made to meet them, and which was accompanied by a shawl.
  
  There are few old ladies of this age who are as well mannered as she is, and whether in manner or speech, she exudes an elegance that has been honed by the years.
  
  Zhou old lady took out a large photo album, show them, turn out an old photo, is a man, looks handsome, and Wei Zhiyuan surprisingly have seven or eight points like, the side face is exactly the same: "My daughter saw your photo on the Internet, pointed to me to see, said, 'This is not Uncle Xiaoye? I look, it is really, compared to the time when you lost, I think eight or nine is not close to the same, which took the liberty of making a phone call."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan carefully pulled out the picture.
  
  "His name is Ye Shu, we used to live in the neighborhood, I look at him as my own little brother." Old lady Zhou flipped to another lady's photo, "This is his wife - that is, your mother, her name is Ruan Hong, she used to be my student, graduated and stayed in school, and became my colleague, all very good people. She had primary hypertension, which caused a series of complications when she gave birth to you, and her health has not been good after giving birth, and she passed away in less than a year ...... Alas, the first time I saw you, you were just such a small blob, chubby and cute."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan asked her softly, "How can you be sure it's me?"
  Old Mrs. Zhou said, "There's a small scar on your back, a little below your shoulder blades, isn't there?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan couldn't help but straighten his back.
  
  "That's a scar from when you were just rolling over and your dad was clumsy and didn't watch for a moment, letting you tumble off the bed and hit the sharp corner on the cabinet."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan did have that small scar on his back, which was already so inconspicuous that he couldn't feel it at all without careful touching.
  Wei Qian frowned, "Then he is now ......"
  
  "Passed away too." Zhou old lady sighed, "He was a meteorologist, specializing in the study of mainland tornadoes, after your mother's death, he became even more intoxicated with his work and became a madman, and once during the process of capturing a tornado, he ran too close and was hit by a falling tree that hit the car ...... alas. "
  
  Zhou old lady's eyes have tears flashed, she looked at Wei Zhiyuan: "At that time, all the people in your family were busy into a mess, no one cared about you, the nanny also don't know where to go, you are just more than two years old, just will stumble to walk, completely do not know what happened, while no one pay attention to it, somehow ran out on their own, and so on when we these adults found, you never find it ...... again I didn t realize that in a flash, I have grown so big. Child, you just said what are you doing now?"
  
  "Doing software." Wei Zhiyuan said, "Mainly games, but also do some applications."
  
  "Good, good, good." Old Mrs. Zhou comfortably patted his arm, "Quite good, quite good, grow up properly, be good, quite good, I'll go down there later, I can also make your parents feel at ease."
  
  That afternoon, Mrs. Zhou sat with them for the entire afternoon, talking about things from her childhood that Wei Zhiyuan couldn't remember, until the nanny came over to urge her to take her medicine.
  At the end, she sent them to the door and told Wei Zhiyuan the address of his parents' grave.
  
  Only then did Old Mrs. Zhou turn to Wei Qian and grab his hand.
  "Thank you," she said, "thank you."
  
  From the beginning to the end, she did not ask what their relationship was, but Weiqian suspected that she had already detected it through some method, he lowered his head and squeezed out a smile at her, feeling that he was ashamed of this "thank you".
  
  Together they found the joint grave site of Mr. and Mrs. Ye Shu. Wei Zhiyuan bent down and gently wiped away the dust on the tombstone, revealing the time-honored epitaph - "Though nine deaths, he has no regrets."
  
  The looks of his parents, who were very similar to him, did not give Wei Zhiyuan a great touch, and it was not until he saw this epitaph that he suddenly felt that blood connection between the yin and the yang.
  
  "So this is how I came to be, my parents are like this." Wei Zhiyuan thought.
  
  Suddenly, all those childhood days of wandering and fleeing that were so deeply engraved in his mind became less real, and he, like a child who has traveled far, found some kind of spiritual home and identity.
  
  Wei Qian bent down, placed the bouquet in front of the tombstone, put his arm around Wei Zhiyuan's shoulders and patted him.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan took his hand - and he was fortunate enough to have gained something on his long journey, the most cherished person in his life.
  What is the fear and pain of upheaval compared to that?
  
  "It's for my sharpening, right?" Wei Zhiyuan thought to himself.
  
  The spring breeze, it's just about to blow away the frozen soil in the north, isn't it?
   
Author's Note: Though nine deaths, I will not regret it - Li Sao



69. Final Chapter 

  Wei Qian's cell phone rang, he pulled out a look, is a MMS, a point to open the picture scared him a jump, just born the face of a small baby suddenly filled the entire lens.
  
  Originally just born out of the little thing is ugly, skin red like tomatoes, full of folds, features are wrinkled together, like holding a cry, plus the camera is close, a little distortion, Wei Qian leaned back, said this born out of what a thing, not a space neighbor sent to Earth to engage in peaceful evolution, right?
  
  Followed by another chime and a text message from Three Fatty - My Daughter! That's my fucking daughter!
  Followed by a string of exclamation points, Wei Qian did not count carefully, probably a sweep, there can be a reinforced company, Wei Qian seems to be able to hear the sound of the three fat with spittle growl from his short few words and punctuation.
  
  Wei Qian took advantage of the company's lunch break rushed to the hospital, three fat parents, his wife Lin Qing's parents are all in the hospital, the four old things are feverishly discussing going out to put together a table of mahjong, joyfully went out together.
  Three fat face full of red light, every three seconds to touch the little baby on the bed, his daughter who just went through a life and death robbery is trying to sleep well, always harassed by this inexplicable lewd man, it did not take long to quit, "ow" a voice howled out.
  
  Voice like a bell, full of energy, this girl was born a few points harder than other children, probably a pretty blessed little thing.
  Lin Qing first time as a mother, coaxing the child is not quite skilled, immediately hand and foot, how to coax can not be coaxed, the little girl crying liver and guts, are almost back to the air.
  
  Wei Qian probed, "Hey, give it to me."
  
  He took the baby from Lin Qing's hands and was a bit rusty at first, however, once he touched that tiny body, he quickly regained the feeling he had when he was a child when he was carrying Little Treasure. Strangely enough, the little girl seemed to have quite a bond with him, and after being gently rocked by him, her cries gradually weakened, and in the end, she actually fell asleep right in his arms.
  
  "Called what?"
  "I said let's just call it 'falling in love', it's romantic and memorable, her mom died and disagreed ...... Alas, if my mom had been so adamant about her stance back then, I wouldn't have to... . tsk, saying more is tears." Three fat shook his head, "Finally, her grandfather gave a name, said called 'talk Ming', on the 'tomorrow' of the 'Ming', with Ma Chunming that pussy can not matter! Ah."
  
  Wei Qian smiled, bent down, gently put down the freshly baked Little Talisman, fished out two small boxes from his pocket, and placed them in her hand.
  Lin Qing took a look, in one box was a gold lock, in the other was a small jade bracelet, putting together a gold and jade. She immediately sat up and whispered, "Wei Dong, her eyes are not open yet, this is too much of a break to give to a child, besides why are you still buying two by yourself?"
  
  Wei Qian: "Keep it, it's just one niece, who do you give it to if not her? One is from me, the other is from me for someone else."
  
  "What others?" Lin Qing didn't understand.
  Three Fatty, however, understood the situation and suddenly spoke up from the side, "It's fine, just put it away for the kid."
  
  The three little brothers who were at the mouth of the hutong are now one less.
  At that time Wei Qian was still a juvenile delinquent like a gloomy face of the middle two diseases, three fat is wearing a "two pole beam" undershirt squatting on the ground chewing watermelon fat boy, hemp also with his mother on the side of the road sweating frying doughnuts.
  
  "How many years?" Triple Fatty asked.
  "Sixteen years." Wei Qian said, "If you were properly reincarnated, you'd be in high school by now."
  "Isn't it?" Three Fatty sighed, and said, again, he was about to handily tease idly to pinch his youngest daughter's nose.
  Lin Qing let this little thing's magical voice penetrate his ears all morning, and hastily slapped away San Fatty's paw, "It's so hard to fall asleep, you let her die down! Do you hate it?"
  
  Look, it's all different.
  
  "Where's Xiao Yuan?" Three Fatty asked, "When will he be back?"
  "It's almost time to arrive, I'll pick him up at the airport later." Wei Qian glanced at his watch and bent down again, gently touching the little girl's face with his fingertips, "Niu'er, Uncle is leaving."
  
  When he finished speaking, he himself felt a lot of emotions - just like that, he was upgraded from "brother" to "uncle".
  
  Wei Zhiyuan just out of a trip to the country, they have been preparing for several years of highway games to come out of nowhere in the open beta, due to sufficient funds, in the world to spread a large map, from the pre-publicity to packaging, all gimmicky, popularity is expected.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan a walk for more than two months, came back tired and thin circle, Wei Qian did not return to the company, directly brought him back home.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan was so sleepy that his eyelids couldn't even open, but he still hugged him and didn't let go of his hand, as if he was going to get tired of the two months' worth of shares back.
  
  "Chairman, I'm good, aren't I?" He was as beautiful as a big dog that rolled around to ask for praise, and he was on the verge of sticking his tongue out.
  Wei Qian rubbed his chin, "Bullshit."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan then wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her tired face in his embrace, "What about my reward?"
  "Reward?" Wei Qian sat squarely on the sofa, dignified as if he was in the middle of a business negotiation, then he asked with a serious bow of his head, "What kind of reward do you want? A reward with clothes on or a reward with clothes off?"
  
  Wei Zhiyuan almost fell off the sofa when his hand was loose.
  He blushed, even his sleepiness disappeared, his throat suddenly a little dry and thirsty, and he stared blankly at Wei Qian.
  
  Wei Qian reached out and gave him a shove on the shoulder, pushing him to sit up and said very seriously, "Tsk, in broad daylight, what are you thinking about bear boy? I said to get you a small golden man trophy for best labor model, with clothes on or off - eat something? I'll go show you what's in the fridge ......"
  
  Before he could finish, he was pressed down by Wei Zhiyuan's vertical leap.
  
  The two of them shamelessly fooled around on the sofa for a while, Wei Qian was nearly raked over the coals by Wei Zhiyuan from "clothed beast" to "unclothed beast", and at that moment, his cell phone rang!
------------

Reading in sections 80

Up.
  "Don't you take the tie to tie my hands, this fucking rag can be expensive, all let you rub me into dried salted vegetables." Wei Qian grumbled as he broke free, while fumbling for his cell phone, glancing at the caller ID and picking it up, "Old Bear, you're ...... again."
  
  The old bear side of the voice is extremely noisy, the middle seems to be mixed with children's cries, he does not care about rushing Wei Qian shouted: "G province to the east out of the only national highway, marking the distance from the F exit 1.5 kilometers, fast ......"
  
  With a loud bang, Wei Qian could not help but close his eyes for a moment, feeling that almost something penetrated the phone to hit him in the ear, and then looked back, the other party was already busy.
  
  Wei Qian was confused for two seconds, then remembered that Xiong Yingjun had greeted him before he left, saying that the police had terminated a den of trafficking in women and children in the G province, and had found a lot of underlings along the way, and rescued several victims of trafficking, and that as soon as the news was released on the website, there were immediately a lot of people who contacted them.
  
  Several of the victims' families were already unable to travel long distances due to old age or physical disability, etc. With the consent of the police, Lao Xiong, as a liaison officer, went over there in person to pick up these people and send them home.
  
  Counting the time, it should be halfway back.
  
  The old bear is very thoughtful, no matter where he goes, he will definitely leave an emergency contact, he did not call the police, but called Wei Qian to inform him of his location, it must be urgent to a certain extent, he was afraid that he could not speak clearly in a few words with the police operator.
  
  Wei Qian quickly made several phone calls, the first time to know the local because of sudden heavy rainfall caused landslides and mudslides, the national highway is now interrupted, he reported in the official search and rescue personnel Lao Xiong left the precise coordinates, the next day with Wei Zhiyuan ran to the G province.
  
  Search and rescue crews found the wreckage of the car at the scene, but no one was seen at the moment, and survival should be more likely.
  
  Wei Qian mobilized all the resources he could think of, and after another day passed, he still couldn't find Xiong Yingjun.
  Finally, Wei Qian said, "Call Master Xiong, he has a wider network than me. A yard is a yard, his son is now missing life and death unknown, I don't believe he's still gambling now."
  
  The old bear played off that year, dispersed the family fortune to become a monk, his father was so angry that he didn't smoke past, and thus declared to follow an ungrateful thing to cut off contact.
  
  However the real broken fake broken, outsiders can not see the good and bad. Anyway, Wei Qian a phone call, the old man Xiong invited, more people to join the search, and two days to find, Wei Qian feel anxious to bleed in their throats, Xiong Yingjun this son of a bitch finally gave to find.
  
  Wei Qian and his men hiked more than ten kilometers from the highway that hadn't yet had time to be cleared before they arrived at the small, shithole-ridden village and found the old bear with gauze wrapped around his head and still a little delirious.
  
  To say the least, Xiong Yingjun, this drunken monk may not really have Buddha's blessing, life is quite big.
  The smallness of man in front of nature is needless to say, at that time in front of their eyes as a landslide, the front windshield of the car on the spot by a stone stone, the old bear rushed to let people run.
  However, there was a child among the victims in the same car, who had some intellectual or mental problems and was difficult to communicate with normal people. When the situation was chaotic, the child did not know where to go and was almost swept into the rocks.
  
  The old bear while urgently contacting Wei Qian, while pouncing over one hand to pick him up, the child clamped in the armpit wildly, the result of the words just said a sentence, a piece of rock rolling down the mountain hit his hand holding a cell phone, the cell phone directly broken, the old bear even with the stupid child together, also followed the downfall.
  The old bear was so stoned that he couldn't hear the others desperately calling his name.
  
  The mud and debris on the mountain looked like it was going to pour down, and just then the old bear miraculously regained his footing, and then, with incredible speed, pulled the child toward the relative safety of the place to lunge ...... supposedly, as if an unseen person had struggled to give them a push.
  
  Another fateful place, is accompanied by a doctor in the staff, said also coincidentally, is Wei Qian hospitalized and the old bear hitched a ride with that small Liu doctor, their hospital nothing out of the ordinary, the provisions of the residents to promote the second line of the doctor, not only the academic and qualifications to meet the standards, but also the need for social uncompensated service experience.
  Dr. Liu thought that many of the victims had been abused and were in need of a doctor, so he simply followed the old bear out this time.
  
  Dr. Liu then saw the situation, rushed up to the old bear even rolled and crawled to help out, a group of people do not dare to stay in place, immediately retreated back along the road, get off in a hurry, Dr. Liu's things are still in the scrapped car, a touch to find that the electronic equipment are gone.
  There is no one near and far, and I don't know how far I ran into a villager who drove his family's dying pickup truck out.
  The villagers led them home, and Dr. Liu hastened to treat the old bear's wounds.
  
  Just this side of the countryside is a bit backward, with the outside world was not much contact, a natural disaster, a time of transportation links are broken, until a few days past, Dr. Liu only in the locals that broken pickup truck with the help of the wrong contact to a search for them.
  
  Old Bear was carried to the ambulance.
  Wei Qian and Wei Zhiyuan accompanied him, Wei Qian in order to find him, a few days can not care about rest, lips are dry and cracked, Wei Zhiyuan heartbroken, unscrewed a bottle of mineral water and handed him, whispered, "Brother, you first drink a mouthful of water, a moment to lean against me to rest for a while."
  
  The old bear heard him, and languidly opened his eyes a slit to show a faint glint.
  This time, he didn't mind Wei Zhiyuan showing love in front of him, he just suddenly spoke softly, "I saw Chen Lu."
  
  "But no," Wei Qian gulped down most of the bottle of water in one gulp, "you almost went with her."
  
  "She didn't want me--I was hit on the head by a stone, ah I fuck, almost smashed me directly under the Buddha's seat, in a trance, I saw our little deer, she bent down and asked me, 'You're full of shit, ah, running to this poor country to be hit by a stone, does it hurt? I said to her, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I told her, "I've asked for mercy, so why should it hurt? If it doesn't, you can take me back, and we'll be reunited there.'"
  The old bear's words were light and seemed a little slurred, rising like a swimmer's touch.
  
  "She pulled me up and said to me 'You big fool, death does not let me live in peace, I have long been over there to find a good little white man, who is waiting to be reunited with you this ugly old man, not quickly get out!' Then a hand pushed me out, that RuLaiShenPalm, the power is still ah ......"
  So far, the old bear's voice gradually lowered, the corners of his mouth with an indescribable smile of relief, head tilted, this fainted.
  
  The living and the dead will always go the same way.
  It is a great blessing to be able to ask for mercy.
  
  Later, the old bear's bald head left a scar, but also so on the TV news, God talk nonsense a pass, even a lot of fans really take him as a monk to pursue.
  After this battle, Wei Qian sort of realized that giving that bastard any bit of sympathy was all a waste of feelings.
  
  Also starting to be active on the silver screen is fellow student Song Xiaobao.
  She in Wei Qian all the way to the money to give her the green light to escort the situation, a few years to mix down still not red and purple, as if it is also a ticket, who did not expect her to make a name for herself, who knows the mistake, she accidentally indirectly a small budget movie in the main supporting actress, suddenly, just so red.
  
  After that it was all over, and Song actually won several awards in quick succession, very much like that.
  
  On this day, Song Xiaobao staggeringly called home: "Brother, I want to go home! The premiere of our new film announcement is in that movie theater across the street from our house, you have to come, you two have to make time to come even if you're smashing the pot!"
  "OK," Wei Qian agreed flatly, then asked, "By the way, what role did you play again?"
  Song: "A female psychopath."
  "...... "Wei Qian paused, searched his gut to pick out a word of praise and said, "Yeah? That's pretty much true to form."
  
  "Bah!" Song Xiaobao said, "I'm going to put on my makeup, you and Second Brother will come over early tonight."
  "Hey, Xiao Bao, wait." Wei Qian suddenly called out to her, he hesitated and asked, "Do you know what day today is?"
  
  "What day?" Song Xiaobao thought for a moment, "Today is the 14th, the 14th of every month is a Valentine's Day of some color, this month is ......"
  
  Wei Qian: "......"
  He laughed helplessly, "Never mind, you'd better go in makeup."
  
  It's the day of the fucking anniversary.
  
  This time, Wei Qian rare did not fall asleep in the cinema, the whole watch Song Xiaobo loving interpretation of the neuropathy, seriously think she did act quite so, young girl, can be so hysterical in front of the camera regardless of the image, she is quite dedicated, probably red a bit of reason.
  
  The premiere dispersed already very late, Xiaobao was pulled by the crew to celebrate, Wei Qian but quietly left, he went to the cemetery on the outskirts of the city, found the fucking tomb - when the burial of the dead is still very cheap, if you change the eyes of so inches of land, the few little sisters of her sold on the catty can not afford to buy.
  
  Next to this graveyard were the tombstones of several others, a pockmarked teenager named Sun Shuzi, an old woman who looked like she was up to no good, and a middle-aged woman with just a hint of scowl in her brow - the graves of both Old Mrs. Song and Pockmarked Mom were clothes graves, and the people could no longer be found.
  
  But they still believe that they will always come back and live next door to their relatives.
  
  Wei Qian greeted them one by one and finally sat down in front of his mom, "My grandma didn't clean you up much after she went down there, did she? The, that's what I mean by getting her here."
  
  No one answered him.
  
  Wei Qian said to himself: "Your daughter I brought up properly, that girl is now also a human-like dog, but blame her father's appearance is not good, more or less a bit of a delay, anyway, she now rely on make-up is not as beautiful as your year, but so what? People can act in movies, or have a future, I don't know how many audiences like it, you? Eight lifetimes can't catch up."
  
  Wei Qian reached out and flicked the tombstone without respect or gravity and stood up, "Nothing else, just came to show off with you."
  
  He dusted off the dirt and tried to turn away, but then seemed to remember something and turned sideways, reaching out to press his hand against the cold stone tablet.
  After a while, Wei Qian said softly, "Let's forget about our grudge, I don't want to hate you anymore, it's been more than thirty years, it's exhausting me."
  
  After saying that, he headed out, Wei Zhiyuan was still waiting for him at the entrance of the cemetery.
  
  Wei Qian sat in the car, closed the door, and as Wei Zhiyuan slowly drove the car out, suddenly said, "I don't want to do it."
  
  Wei Zhiyuan: "Huh?"
  
  Wei Qian looked at the bright street lights ahead and said softly, "I want to resign as chairman of the board of directors, just give me dividends every year, and leave the rest for you to toss - I plan to go back to my alma mater to continue to study life sciences, a master's degree and then a doctorate, and then I'll just mingle in the school later on ......"
  
  His original ideal was to be a scientist, wearing a white coat around the lab, recording all kinds of data, writing papers, typing materials, researching something, eating and sleeping every day, researching, except for what he researched, nothing in his mind, food and clothing.
  
  Wei Qian talked and fell asleep in the car with the right temperature.
  
  Wei Zhiyuan gently pulled over to the side of the road and lowered the recliner, pulling the blanket from the backseat over him and tucking it in for him before ruffling his hair and leaning down to kiss him on the forehead, smiling faintly in contentment when he could no longer hear him and replying, "Good."
  
  Do what you like.
  
  From now on, we have only death to say goodbye to, not separation - Qian Zhongshu.
  
Author's Note: End of text.
Thank you all for your support.
There will be about two extras, one a week, and they will be updated directly below this chapter, so remember to come back and read them ^_^



Extra I

Talking about that little girl, she is a live monkey in the wrong human fetus, just born out of the bones than other pups hard, a little more than ten months to complete the evolution of monkeys to people - walking upright, one or two years old has been full of running around, become a pest in the house.

At noon on Saturday, the three fat families came to Wei Qian's house.
Three Fatty held his scourge of a daughter in one arm, and Talming, like a big fat rat without a tail, clung to one of his arms with all four paws, swaying as she walked, treating her father as if he were a swing.

Lin Qing carried something and ran all the way after these two masters: it was a big, broken-mouthed maid who said with a start, "Fatty, watch out, don't drop her!"
Three fat lifted up Talming, gently threw upwards, finished and in the child her mother's shouting hands to catch, shook the happy little girl: "Dad can fall you?"

Talming was so happy he was spitting bubbles.

San Fatty freed a hand and handed it to Lin Qing, "Daughter-in-law, things can't take to me."
Lin Qing lifted his foot and kicked him in the ass, "Just take your cubs, don't be a stinker!"

"I have a daughter he does not have ah, I do not stink who stinks?" Three fat whistled and pressed the doorbell, and his qi sank into his dantian, "Your third brother is driving ......"

He hadn't finished screaming at the top of his lungs when the door to the house opened from the inside.
Wei Zhiyuan took the things in Lin Qing's hand while stretching out his finger to "shush" and whispered, "It's not up yet."

Three Fatty froze, "It's almost eleven thirty, and he still hasn't gotten up? Is he going to be a king who doesn't get up in the morning from now on?"
Lin Qing heard his defeated old man's mouth start to run a tractor again, and hastily swung his fist and smashed it on his back with a muffled sound that was quite loud. Talking Ming climbed to the back of the three fat, curiously looked down at the source of the sound, grinned the small mouth of the teeth did not grow, clapping his palms for joy, meaning: this rattling is good, give the big master another sound!

Three Fatty bent down and put down his ungrateful daughter, letting her spread out all over the house, then walked over to Wei Zhiyuan, glanced at Wei Qian's closed bedroom, and lowered his voice to ask, "I'll tell him to go-hey, there's nothing inappropriate for children in the house, right?"

Wei Zhiyuan did not even blush a little, seemingly smiling, but not smiling, glanced at the three fat, but made the three fat rather embarrassed.

Seeing that he was embarrassed enough, Wei Xiaoyi slowly said, "Which can ah, last night he graded exam papers until three o'clock, just today nothing, sleep."

Wei Qian went back to school after he quit and worked as a teaching assistant while attending graduate school.

Think of what their Chairman Wei was like back in the day? Shirt from
------------

Reading in sections 81

To iron flat and neat, suits, leather shoes will never two days without polishing, to that station, the whole a standard model of the beast of burden.
Now well, he has been around for many years, but is back to basics, day and night set a big undershirt big pants on the way out, a pair of flip-flops under the feet, but save socks, walking kicking, do not bring to lift the foot.

Can such a big change be produced in the same person?
The three fat men pondered unsuccessfully for many days and finally came to a conclusion - school is a ruinous place.

Hearing Wei Zhiyuan's words, Sanfan was surprised and said, "What's the point of being so busy? Just the two dollars of teaching assistant's salary? He wouldn't go that far, would he?"

"Busy my ass." Wei Zhiyuan took out the sugar box and put it in front of Tan Ming while saying, "His old man is really our loyal users, he started playing from yesterday afternoon, playing games until 12:30, and was finally escorted by me to lie down and go to sleep, and after lying down for no more than five minutes, he popped up again like a swindler and said that he had to record the grades today, and that the midterm papers had to be corrected and sent to the class teachers, which made it to midnight. I've never seen such an ability to hold on to a job so long. I've never seen such a good temporary clasp, what do you think he did early?"

For some reason, looking at Wei Zhiyuan grumbling and counting his brother with a sullen face, SanFat's mood was suddenly inexplicably sunny.

Wei Zhiyuan flipped through the contact information of a nearby restaurant and asked Sanfat, "Either I book a table?"

"What table? We are all family members, don't do that." SanFat dodged TanMing's little paw that was stuffing candy into his mouth, "Taking such a bear child out to eat is not enough for her to jump up and down and make her look bad, let's do it ourselves, your sister-in-law loves to fiddle with the kitchen."

Wei Zhiyuan agreed flatly, "Okay, I'll give her a hand."

With a twinkle in his eye, while the two of them went to the kitchen to get busy, he picked up Tan Ming and whispered, "Let's go, let's go lift your old uncle's quilt."

Since coming up to the house and similar things, the little Talming child had come to the rescue, grabbing a chocolate in one hand without objection and being carried away by her dad.

Three fat tiptoe pushed open the door of Wei Qian's bedroom, the house curtains, although not pulled open, but the fine sunlight has been drilled in from the cracks, the person on the bed does not care about this little bit of shimmering light, only occupies a narrow one against the wall place, a movement is not moving, the upper half of the body did not wear anything, the quilt wrapped around his body, wrapped up is very tight, from the ankle neck all the way up to the neck, revealing a small piece of the shoulder, this a line set, at first glance Just like the ancient Greek bedsheet-clad magi as vain.

Three fat fingers count, from three o'clock to now, can also have eight hours, Wei Qian this kid from wearing crotch pants, slept so solid eight hours?
This one has a comfortable little life.

Three Fatty was quite unbalanced in his heart, so he threw his secret weapon, Talming, on Wei Qian's bed.

Talming loves sports and is gifted with height and weight, and when he landed on the floor, he made a crater in the soft surface of the bed with a bang.

Wei Qian was startled by her "light" landing, first looked lazily, and after a moment of staring at the small creature sitting there, he sat up violently, "Crap, it's alive!"

The living little creature with hands and feet, cheerfully lunged at Wei Qian, bringing up a piece of harsh wind, Wei Qian had not yet woken up, instinctively backed up a little cushion, and reached out to catch this human gravity missile, which was smashed by two chocolates.

When he brought the little thing to his eyes, Wei Qian was happy: "Niu'er, how come it's round again? We can't follow in your father's footsteps!"

Triple Fatty: "Fuck off!"

Wei Qian although left more than a year, but as a shareholder occasionally past the circle, in the company is still very heavy accumulation of prestige, even if he wore slippers big pants, a just stroll bathhouse virtues, there are a lot of old employees see him can not help but stand up, even her mother Lin Qing will become a little bit more virtuous when she sees him.
However, this child himself does not know the genetic mutation into how a freak, in front of Wei Qian extremely unrestrained, extraordinarily unrestrained, not only not afraid, as if also like to "bully" him.

Talming monkeys on top of him, wobbling to his feet and practicing tightrope walking on his two long legs.

Three Fatty: "Tan Ming, come down, have you played like this?"

Talming was even more undaunted by this untrustworthy dad, stretching out his meaty little fists at him and stomping joyfully.

Wei Qian had to stretch out his hand against the wall, in case she could not walk steadily when she fell down and hit her head on the wall: "OK, we are not yet two years old, you dare to punch your father and step on your uncle, and in the future, when you grow up, surely you can be a competent and good bandit, with a promising future ...... Hey, this bear child, what are you doing! "

The bear walked to the end of the line and calmly knelt down to tickle the big prophet's foot.

Three fat at a glance saw the writing desk on the midterm exam papers, all were Wei Qian toilet paper like spread out and thrown on the table, the approval pen has not yet covered the cap.
The theoretical basis of those experimental design three fat can not read a word, but he read Wei Qian's blood red marks of deduction, deduction of points, someone seems to be not yet finished, as when the company wrote "read", as the two words "fart" written in a flamboyant manner.

"......" Three Fatty was silent for a moment, "Won't someone complain about you at the end of the term?"
Wei Qian said loudly, "Anyway, no one knows which teaching assistant approved it, and at most, it will give a bad grade to the instructor of this course."

Wei Qian seemed to want to get up, just about to lift the quilt to get up, suddenly his movements lurched and he coughed dryly, "What's that, Third Brother, you carry the child away for a bit, I'll get up and clean up."

Three fat from childhood with him a pants friendship, a moment did not return to the taste, but also in that heartless said: "You put her aside not just."
Wei Qian: "......"

The two of them stared at each other wide-eyed for a moment, and Three Fatty finally reacted, his old face nearly reddening, immediately copying Tan Ming to carry on his shoulders and heading out.

Talming refused to do so, wriggling around like a meatworm in his arms, crossing over Sanfat's shoulders to desperately reach out his claws to reach Wei Qian.
Three fat to bring the door back on, talk about Ming "ow" a bright voice, strong mountain cried.

Lin Qing heard the baby crying, poked his head out of the kitchen in the middle of a busy day, "Dead fat, how do you people again?"

Three fat did not answer, he actually could not help but sneak a glance before closing the door, Wei Qian had already peeled down a little bit of the quilt wrapped around his body, three fat a glance swept that chest on a large area of wretched red marks, then a little out of the soul.

Wei Zhiyuan finished cutting vegetables and washed his hands clean and came out, took over Tan Ming, who was expected to become a famous actor of the generation, and gently picked her up and coaxed her, "What's the matter, little princess, what's the matter with crying?"

Three Fatty's ears heard the gentle accent, and his mind recalled the footage of the party, knotting up with goosebumps.

For a while, Tan Ming was coaxed and ran to play on the balcony by himself, only then did San Fat grab Wei Zhiyuan's collar and whispered through clenched teeth, "Didn't you tell me there's no such thing as a child's misuse?"
Wei Zhiyuan blinked with an innocent face, "What's not suitable for children?"

Three Fatty blushed and pointed to the door of the house and said, "He he he that that ......"
"Which one?" Wei Zhiyuan looked him in the eye without panicking and asked rhetorically, "Third brother, nonchalant, what did you see?"

Triple Fat: "......"

Following that, Wei Zhiyuan warmly and courteously solicited his opinion, "There's an extraordinarily deep teeth mark on my shoulder, he bit it, and it hasn't receded in half a week, if you think it's unbalanced, I'll peel back the collar and give you a look?"

Three Fatty: "No, Wei Zhiyuan what the fuck do you mean right?"
Wei Zhiyuan said rightfully, "Showing off, can't you see that?"

How to listen to that last sentence how not like Wei Zhiyuan can say out, clearly is Wei Qian that old hooligan style, a clear example of close to the ink is black, the three fat had to once again speechless.

At this time, the door of the house opened, Wei Zhiyuan's eyes immediately changed, with a voice that softened into a piece of autumn water in the south of the Yangtze River said, "Brother, up?"

Wei Qian wiped the water off his face and lifted his eyelids, "Pretend!"
Three Fatty inexplicably found the tacit understanding he had with Wei Qian when he was a child, and almost at the same time he spoke, "What's so pure about pretending?"

The two men's voices overlapped, which caused Wei Zhiyuan's corners of his eyes to twitch rapidly as he stared at Sanfat's broad back.
All through the middle of the day, he smiled at the three fat men with that meaningful, sinister smile.

This directly led to the three fat after eating dinner sat no fart for a while, took his wife and children ran out of shadow: "Next week Ma Chunming and Meng Meng married, I just came to send an invitation."

Wei Qian opened the festive invitation, only to see the end of the date, but also relentlessly painted two small round turtles, shell side half a heart, leaning together to make a whole.

Sometimes it doesn't matter if you find the wrong person, as long as you're good enough on your own to keep it up, someone better will always come along and like you.

"Silly people have silly blessings." Wei Qian stretched out his fingers to flick the scented piece of paper and made a pertinent comment on his General Ma's life.
